-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NwNV0tyBhE8Vbsjwt9u5OwNloyyuRDcCyzQn9+K+rHho/WgvJwMRZ/XWT/I4iQjw
 x5XfE15dZj/CWpeB8GuTeQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000723603-01-500005.txt : 20010426
<SEC-HEADER>0000723603-01-500005.hdr.sgml : 20010426
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000723603-01-500005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20000430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010425

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CULP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723603
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BROADWOVEN FABRIC MILLS, COTTON [2211]
		IRS NUMBER:				561001967
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12597
		FILM NUMBER:		1610574

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 S MAIN ST
		CITY:			HIGH POINT
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3368895161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2686
		STREET 2:		101 S MAIN ST
		CITY:			HIGH POINT
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27261
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a10kafy00.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CULP, INC., 10K/A 4-30-00
<TEXT>



                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D. C. 20549

                                  FORM 10-K/A

               ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2000

                          Commission File No. 0-12781

                                  CULP, INC.
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


              NORTH CAROLINA                            56-1001967
      (State or other jurisdiction of       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
   incorporation or other organization)

101 S. Main St., High Point, North Carolina            27261-2686
 (Address of principal executive offices)              (zip code)

                                (336) 889-5161
             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                      Common Stock, Par Value $.05/Share

     Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant  (1) has filed all reports
required  to be filed by Section  13 of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934
during  the  preceding  12  months  and (2) has  been  subject  to the  filing
requirements for at least the past 90 days.       YES X   NO ____

     Indicate by check mark if  disclosure of  delinquent  filers  pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation SK is not contained herein,  and will not be contained,
to the best of  registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive  proxy or  information
statements  incorporated  by  reference  in Part III of this  Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [   ]

     As  of  July  24,   2000,   11,208,720   shares  of  common   stock  were
outstanding.   The  aggregate  market  value  of  the  voting  stock  held  by
non-affiliates  of the  registrant on that date was  $43,400,750  based on the
closing  sales  price of such stock as quoted on the New York  Stock  Exchange
(NYSE),  assuming,  for purposes of this report,  that all executive  officers
and directors of the registrant are affiliates.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III
     Portions  of the  Company's  Proxy  Statement  dated  August 18,  2000 in
connection  with its Annual  Meeting of  Shareholders  to be held on September
26, 2000 are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12 and 13.

Items 6, 7 and 8 to  Registrant's  Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  April
30, 2000 are hereby amended as follows:

This amendment  reflects the  restatement of the financial  statements for the
fiscal  years  ended  April 30,  2000,  May 2, 1999 and May 3, 1998 due to not
properly recognizing certain gains that affect other expense,  related balance
sheet accounts and certain  disclosures  previously  reported.  See note 17 to
the  consolidated  financial  statements  in Item 8 for a  description  of the
restatement.
<PAGE>
                                  CULP, INC.
                               FORM 10-K REPORT
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item No.                                                                  Page
                                    PART I

1.    Business
         Overview............................................................3
         Segments............................................................4
         Business Strategy...................................................5
         Capital Expenditures................................................6
         Overview of Industry................................................6
         Overview of Residential Furniture Industry..........................6
         Overview of Commercial Furniture Industry...........................8
         Overview of Bedding Industry........................................8
         Products............................................................8
         Manufacturing......................................................10
         Product Design and Styling.........................................11
         Distribution.......................................................11
         Sources and Availability of Raw Materials..........................12
         Competition........................................................12
         Technology.........................................................12
         Environmental and Other Regulations................................13
         Employees..........................................................14
         Customers and Sales................................................14
         Net Sales by Geographic Area.......................................14
         Backlog............................................................14

2.    Properties............................................................15

3.    Legal Proceedings.....................................................16

4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders...................16


                                    PART II

5.    Market for the Registrant's Common Stock
        and Related Stockholder Matters.....................................16

6.    Selected Financial Data...............................................17

7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of
        Financial Condition and Results of Operations.......................18

7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
        About Market Risk...................................................24


8.    Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..............25

9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
        on Accounting and Financial Disclosure..............................44




                                   PART III

10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the
        Registrant..........................................................44

11.   Executive Compensation................................................44

12.   Security Ownership of Certain
        Beneficial Owners and Management....................................44

13.   Certain Relationships and Related
        Transactions........................................................44


                                    PART IV

14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
        and Reports on Form 8-K.............................................45

      Documents filed as part of this report................................45

      Exhibits..............................................................46

      Reports on Form 8-K...................................................52

      Financial Statement Schedules.........................................52

      Signatures ...........................................................53

<PAGE>
                                    PART I

                               ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Overview

      Culp, Inc. (the Company)  manufactures  and markets  upholstery  fabrics
and  mattress  tickings  primarily  for  use  in the  furniture  (residential,
commercial  and juvenile) and bedding  industries  on a worldwide  basis.  The
Company's  executive  offices are located in High Point,  North Carolina.  The
Company was  organized as a North  Carolina  corporation  in 1972 and made its
initial  public  offering in 1983.  Since 1997, the Company has been listed on
the New York Stock Exchange and traded under the symbol "CFI."

      Culp is one of the largest integrated  marketers of furniture upholstery
fabrics in the world and is a leading  global  producer  of  mattress  fabrics
(known as mattress  ticking).  The Company's  fabrics are used  principally in
the production of residential and commercial  furniture and bedding  products,
including sofas, recliners, chairs, loveseats,  sectionals,  sofa-beds, office
seating,  panel  systems and mattress  sets.  Culp markets one of the broadest
product  lines in its  industry,  with a wide  range of fabric  constructions,
patterns,  colors,  textures and  finishes.  This breadth is made  possible by
Culp's  extensive  manufacturing   capabilities  that  include  a  variety  of
weaving,  printing and finishing operations and the ability to produce various
yarns  and  unfinished  base  fabrics  (known  as  greige  goods)  used in its
products.   Although   most  of  the  Company's   competitors   emphasize  one
particular  type of fabric,  Culp  competes  in every  major  category  except
leather,  which  accounts for a relatively  small  portion of the  residential
furniture  market.  Culp's  staff of over 75 designers  and support  personnel
utilize  Computer  Aided Design  (CAD)  systems to develop the  Company's  own
patterns and styles.  Culp's product line  currently  includes more than 3,000
upholstery fabric patterns and 1,000  mattress-ticking  styles.  Although Culp
markets fabrics at most price levels,  the Company has emphasized fabrics that
have a broad appeal in the "good" and "better"  price  categories of furniture
and bedding.

      Culp markets its products worldwide,  with sales to customers in over 50
countries.  Total  sales  have  grown from  $351.7  million in fiscal  1996 to
$488.1  million in fiscal 2000,  and the  Company's  international  sales have
increased  from  $77.4  million  to $111.1  million  during  the same  period.
Shipments  to  U.S.-based  customers  continue  to  account  for  most  of the
Company's  sales,  but Culp's success in building a global presence has led to
a significant  proportion of sales to international accounts (23% of net sales
for fiscal 2000).  The Company's  network of  approximately  30  international
sales  agents  represents  Culp's  products  in major  furniture  and  bedding
markets outside the United States.

      Culp has sixteen (16)  manufacturing  facilities,  with a combined total
of 2.7 million  square feet,  that are located in North  Carolina  (9),  South
Carolina (2),  Pennsylvania (2), Tennessee (1), Alabama (1) and Quebec, Canada
(1). The Company's  distribution  system is designed to offer  customers fast,
responsive  delivery.  Products  are shipped  directly to  customers  from the
Company's   manufacturing   facilities,   as  well  as  from  three   regional
distribution  facilities  strategically located in High Point, North Carolina,
Los  Angeles,  California,  and Tupelo,  Mississippi,  which are areas of high
concentration   of   furniture   manufacturing.   Additionally,   the  Company
maintains an inventory of upholstery  fabrics at a warehouse facility in Grand
Rapids,  Michigan to supply large commercial  furniture  manufacturers in that
area.

      Culp's position as a leading global  marketer of upholstery  fabrics and
mattress ticking has been achieved  through  internal  expansion and strategic
acquisitions.  The most recent acquisitions  include Phillips Mills,  Wetumpka
Yarn and Artee Industries in fiscal 1998.

Segments

      The Company's  operating  segments are  upholstery  fabrics and mattress
ticking,   with  related  divisions  organized  within  those  segments.   The
divisions  within  upholstery  fabrics  are  Culp  Decorative  Fabrics,   Culp
Velvets/Prints  and Culp Yarn. The division  within  mattress  ticking is Culp
Home  Fashions.  Each  division  is  accorded  considerable  autonomy  and  is
responsible for designing,  manufacturing and marketing its respective product
lines.  Considerable  synergies  exist  among  the  divisions,  including  the
sharing of common raw materials made internally,  such as polypropylene yarns,
certain  dyed and spun yarns,  greige goods and printed  heat-transfer  paper.
Products  manufactured at one division's facility are commonly  transferred to
another division's facility for additional  value-added  processing steps. The
following  table  sets forth  certain  information  for each of the  Company's
segments/divisions.


                          Culp's Segments/Divisions
                          -------------------------
                                             FISCAL 2000    PRODUCT LINES
                                              NET SALES     (BASE CLOTH, IF
      SEGMENT             DIVISION          (in millions)   APPLICABLE)
      -------             --------          -------------   -----------
Upholstery Fabrics  Culp Decorative Fabrics    $213.2       Woven jacquards
                                                            Woven dobbies

                    Culp Velvets/Prints        $151.5       Wet prints (flocks)
                                                            Heat-transfer prints
                                                           (jacquard, flock)
                                                            Cotton prints
                                                            Woven velvets
                                                            Tufted velvets
                                                            (woven polyester)

                    Culp Yarn                  $ 17.6       Pre-dyed spun yarns
                                                            Chenille yarns

Mattress Ticking    Culp Home Fashions         $105.8       Woven jacquards
                                                            Heat-transfer prints
                                                            (jacquard, knit,
                                                            sheeting)
                                                            Pigment prints
                                                            (jacquard, knit,
                                                            sheeting, non-woven)



      Culp  Decorative  Fabrics.  Culp  Decorative  Fabrics  manufactures  and
markets  jacquard and dobby woven fabrics used primarily for  residential  and
commercial furniture.  Culp Decorative Fabrics'  manufacturing  facilities are
located in Burlington,  Graham and Monroe,  North  Carolina,  Pageland,  South
Carolina,  Chattanooga,   Tennessee  and  West  Hazleton,  Pennsylvania.  Culp
Decorative   Fabrics   has   become   increasingly    vertically   integrated,
complementing its extensive weaving  capabilities with the ability to extrude,
dye and  texturize  yarn.  The  designs  marketed by Culp  Decorative  Fabrics
range  from  intricate,  complicated  patterns  such as  floral  and  abstract
designs to  patterns  associated  with casual  living  styles that are popular
with motion  furniture.  Culp Decorative  Fabrics accounts for the majority of
the  Company's  sales  to  the  commercial   furniture  market.   The  Company
maintains an inventory at a third-party  warehouse in Grand  Rapids,  Michigan
to supply  fabrics  marketed by Culp  Decorative  Fabrics to large  commercial
furniture manufacturers on a "just in time" basis.

      Culp  Velvets/Prints.  Culp  Velvets/Prints  manufactures  and markets a
broad range of printed and velvet fabrics.  These include  wet-printed designs
on flock  base  fabrics,  heat-transfer  prints on  jacquard  and  flock  base
fabrics,  cotton  prints,  woven  velvets and tufted  velvets.  These  fabrics
typically offer  manufacturers  richly colored patterns and textured surfaces.
Recent  product  development  improvements  in  manufacturing  processes  have
significantly  enhanced  the  quality  of  printed  flock  fabrics  which  are
principally  used for residential  furniture.  These fabrics are also used for
other  upholstered  products  such  as  baby  car  seats.  These  fabrics  are
manufactured at Burlington,  North  Carolina,  Anderson,  South Carolina,  and
Lumberton, North Carolina.

      Culp Yarn.  Culp Yarn  manufactures  and  markets a variety of  pre-dyed
spun  yarns,  including  WrapSpun(tm), open-end  spun, ring  spun and chenille
yarns.  Culp Yarn operates  manufacturing  facilities in Shelby,  Cherryville,
and Lincolnton,  North Carolina and Wetumpka,  Alabama.  The Wetumpka facility
was  acquired in December  1997 and the other Culp Yarn plants were  purchased
in  February  1998.  Over  half  of  the  production  of  Culp  Yarn  is  used
internally  by other Culp  divisions.  The external  sales are directed to the
upholstery  fabric,  carpet  and  apparel  markets,  and a  portion  of  these
shipments  are to  competitors  of Culp.  Culp  Yarn has  provided  Culp  more
control  over its  supply  of spun and  chenille  yarns and  complemented  the
Company's increased emphasis on developing new designs.

      Culp Home  Fashions.  Culp Home Fashions  principally  markets  mattress
ticking to bedding  manufacturers.  These  fabrics  encompass  woven  jacquard
ticking as well as heat-transfer and  pigment-printed  ticking on a variety of
base fabrics,  including jacquard,  knit,  poly/cotton  sheeting and non-woven
materials.  Culp Home Fashions has  successfully  blended its diverse printing
and  finishing  capabilities  with its access to a variety of base  fabrics to
offer  innovative  designs to bedding  manufacturers  for  mattress  products.
Printed  jacquard  fabrics  offer  customers  better  values with  designs and
textures of more  expensive  fabrics.  Jacquard  greige goods  printed by Culp
Home  Fashions are primarily  provided by the  division's  Rayonese  facility.
Culp Home Fashions' manufacturing facilities are located in Stokesdale,  North
Carolina and St. Jerome, Quebec.

Business Strategy

      The  Company's  plan to  maintain  leadership  in the global  upholstery
fabric and  mattress  ticking  segments is based on a business  strategy  that
includes five main initiatives:

      Customer  Service and Vertical  Integration  - continuing to enhance the
competitive  value of its upholstery  fabrics and mattress  ticking  through a
company-wide  initiative to raise  efficiency  and improve  customer  service.
Important  aspects of this program have  included  attaining  more  consistent
product  quality,  improving  delivery  standards and offering more innovative
designs.  The  Company's  ability to realize  progress  in these  areas in the
past has been aided  significantly  by  becoming  more  vertically  integrated
through    capital    expansion    projects   and   strategic    acquisitions.
Representative  steps have included adding  capacity for producing  unfinished
jacquard  greige  goods,  extruding  polypropylene  yarn  and  most  recently,
manufacturing spun and specialty yarn.

      Broad  Product  Offering  -  continuing  to market  one of the  broadest
product  lines  in  upholstery  fabrics  and  mattress  ticking.  Through  its
extensive  manufacturing  capabilities,  the  Company  competes in every major
category except leather.

      Diverse  Global  Customer Base - increasing its  penetration  into other
end-use markets in addition to U.S.  residential  furniture,  such as bedding,
international, commercial furniture and juvenile furniture.

      Design  Innovation  -  continuing  to  invest  in  personnel  and  other
resources  for the design of  upholstery  fabrics and ticking  with  appealing
patterns and  textures.  An integral  component of the value Culp  provides to
customers is supplying  fabrics that are fashionable and meet current consumer
preferences.  The Company's  principal  design  resources are now consolidated
in a single  facility  that  provides  advanced  CAD  systems  and  promotes a
sharing of innovative designs among the divisions.

      Additional   Acquisitions   -  investing   in   selective   acquisitions
complementary to existing segments.

Capital Expenditures

      Since fiscal 1995,  the Company has invested  $110.5  million in capital
expenditures  to expand its  manufacturing  capacity,  install more  efficient
production   equipment  and  vertically   integrate  its   operations.   These
expenditures  have included,  among other things,  the  installation of narrow
and wide-width  weaving machines and additional  printing equipment to support
the growth in woven and printed upholstery  fabrics and mattress ticking.  The
Company  spent  approximately  $22.6  million in capital  expenditures  during
fiscal  2000  for  vertical  integration  and  modernization.  This  level  of
capital  spending was above the $10.7 million in capital  expenditures  during
fiscal 1999.  During 2000, the key projects  relating to vertical  integration
included  expanding  wide loom  capacity  at St.  Jerome,  Quebec,  Canada and
carding  capacity  at  Wetumpka,   Alabama.  Projects  to  modernize  existing
facilities  encompassed  several investments in looms throughout the Company's
operations.  The Company is  currently  planning on capital  expenditures  for
fiscal 2001 of approximately $16 million.

Overview of Industry

      Culp markets products  worldwide to a broad array of manufacturers  that
operate in three principal markets and several specialty markets:

      Residential  furniture.  This market includes upholstered furniture sold
      to   consumers.   Products   include   sofas,   sleep   sofas,   chairs,
      motion/recliners, sectionals and occasional furniture items.

      Commercial  furniture.  This market includes  upholstered office seating
      and modular office systems sold primarily for use in offices  (including
      home offices) and other institutional settings.

      Bedding.  This market  includes  mattress  sets as well as other related
      home furnishings.

      Specialty  markets.  These markets include juvenile  furniture (baby car
      seats and other baby items),  hospitality  (furniture used in hotels and
      other  lodging  establishments),   "top  of  the  bed"  (comforters  and
      bedspreads),   outdoor   furniture,    recreational   vehicle   seating,
      automotive  aftermarket (slip-on seat covers),  retail fabric stores and
      specialty yarn.

Overview of Residential Furniture Industry

      The  upholstery  fabric  industry  is highly  competitive,  particularly
among   manufacturers   in   similar   market   niches.   American   Furniture
Manufacturers Association, a trade association,  reports that manufacturers of
residential  furniture  in  the  United  States  shipped  products  valued  at
approximately $25 billion  (wholesale) during 1999.  Approximately 40% of this
furniture  is believed to consist of  upholstered  products.  The  upholstered
furniture market has grown from $5.4 billion in 1991 to $10 billion in 1999.

      Trends in demand for upholstery  fabric and mattress  ticking  generally
parallel  changes in consumer  purchases  of furniture  and  bedding.  Factors
influencing  consumer  purchases  of home  furnishings  include  the number of
household  formations,  growth  in the  general  population,  the  demographic
profile of the population, consumer confidence,  employment levels, the amount
of disposable income,  geographic  mobility,  housing starts and existing home
sales.  The  long-term  trend in demand for furniture and bedding has been one
of moderate  growth,  although  there have been some  occasional  periods of a
modest downturn in sales due principally to changes in economic conditions.

      The Company  believes that  demographic  trends  support the outlook for
continued  long-term  growth in the U.S.  residential  furniture  and  bedding
industries.  In particular,  as "baby  boomers"  (people born between 1946 and
1964)  mature to the 35-to-64  year age range over the next decade,  they will
be reaching their highest  earning  power.  Consumers in these age groups tend
to  spend  more on  home  furnishings,  and the  increasing  number  of  these
individuals  favors higher demand for furniture and related home  furnishings.
Statistics  also show that the  average  size of new  homes has  increased  in
recent years, and that is believed to have resulted in increased  purchases of
furniture per home.

      There is an established trend toward  consolidation at all levels within
the home  furnishings  industry.  Furniture/Today  has  reported  that the ten
largest  residential  furniture  manufacturers  accounted  for over 40% of the
industry's  total  shipments in 1999, up from a 23% share in 1985.  This trend
is  expected  to  continue,   particularly  because  of  the  need  to  invest
increasing   capital  to  maintain  modern   manufacturing   and  distribution
facilities as well as to provide the sophisticated  computer-based systems and
processes  necessary to interface in the supply chain  between  retailers  and
suppliers.  This  trend  toward  consolidation  is  resulting  in  fewer,  but
larger,  customers for upholstery fabric  manufacturers.  The Company believes
that this environment  favors larger upholstery fabric  manufacturers  capable
of  supplying  a broad  range of product  choices at the  volumes  required by
major furniture manufacturers on a timely basis.

      Today's   furniture   customers   prefer  more  casual  and  comfortable
furniture,  including motion  furniture,  than did consumers ten years ago. In
addition,  customers are placing increasing  emphasis on product quality.  The
increasing  importance  of product  quality has allowed  fabric  manufacturers
with  effective  quality  control  systems  to gain a  competitive  advantage.
Modern  furniture  buyers are also  demanding  faster  delivery.  To meet this
demand,  the  furniture  industry  as a  whole  has  increased  its  focus  on
just-in-time manufacturing methods and shorter delivery lead times.

      Culp's  international  sales declined 2% in 2000 to $111.1 million.  The
Company does not believe that this decline  suggests any  structural  shift in
the competitive  position of Culp or in the long-term  opportunities  that are
presented by rising demand for furniture in  developing  countries.  Consumers
in these areas are often  attracted to those  designs and fashions that mirror
American tastes,  and U.S.-based  manufacturers such as Culp have been able to
capitalize  on  this  preference.   Production  costs  of  fabrics  involve  a
relatively  low labor  component,  which  provides an advantage  for a company
with modern,  efficient  manufacturing  equipment and systems.  The large size
of the  furniture  market  within the United  States has helped  establish  an
upholstery  fabrics  industry that  features  ready access to a variety of raw
materials,  larger  manufacturers with lower costs resulting from economies of
scale and the  availability of new designs and patterns.  The Company believes
that  these   characteristics   assist  Culp  in  competing   effectively   in
international markets.

Overview of Commercial Furniture Industry

      The commercial  furniture market in the United States  represents annual
shipments by manufacturers  valued at approximately  $12 billion.  Seating and
office  systems,  which  represent  the  primary  uses of  upholstery  in this
industry,  represented  annual sales of approximately $7 billion annually.  At
the  manufacturing  level, the industry is highly  concentrated.  The top five
manufacturers  of commercial  furniture  account for an estimated 65% of total
industry shipments.  Although demand for commercial  furniture can be affected
by general economic trends,  the historical  pattern has been one of generally
steady growth.

      Dealers aligned with specific  furniture brands account for over half of
industry  shipments of commercial  furniture.  Some shift in the  distribution
of commercial  furniture has occurred in recent years in conjunction  with the
growth in national and regional chains featuring office supplies.

Overview of Bedding Industry

      According  to  data  compiled  by  the   International   Sleep  Products
Association   ("ISPA"),   the  domestic  conventional  bedding  market,  which
generated  estimated  wholesale  revenues of $4.1 billion during calendar year
1999,   includes   approximately  800  manufacturers  of  mattress  sets.  The
conventional  bedding market  accounts for  approximately  90% of the domestic
bedding market.  Approximately 71% of the conventional bedding manufactured in
the U.S. is sold to furniture  stores and specialty  sleep shops.  Most of the
remaining  29% is sold to  department  stores,  national  mass  merchandisers,
membership   clubs  and   factory   direct   stores.   Approximately   70%  of
conventional  bedding is sold for  replacement  purposes  and the average time
lapse between mattress purchases is approximately 11 years.

Products

      As described above, the Company's  products include  upholstery  fabrics
and mattress ticking.

      UPHOLSTERY  FABRICS.  The Company  derives the  majority of its revenues
from  the  sale  of  upholstery  fabrics  primarily  to  the  residential  and
commercial  (contract) furniture markets.  Sales of upholstery fabrics totaled
78% of  sales  for  fiscal  2000.  The  Company  has  emphasized  fabrics  and
patterns that have broad appeal at  promotional  to medium  prices,  generally
ranging from $2.20 per yard to $9.50 per yard.

      MATTRESS  TICKING.  The  Company  also  manufactures   mattress  ticking
(fabric  used for  covering  mattresses  and box  springs) for sale to bedding
manufacturers.  Sales of mattress  ticking  constituted 22% of sales in fiscal
2000.  The  Company  has  emphasized  fabrics  and  patterns  which have broad
appeal at prices generally ranging from $1.20 to $8.00 per yard.

      The  Company's  upholstery  fabrics  and  mattress  ticking  can each be
broadly  grouped  under  the three  main  categories  of  wovens,  prints  and
velvets.  The  following  table  indicates  the product  lines  within each of
these   categories,   a  brief  description  of  their   characteristics   and
identification of their principal end-use markets.





                            Culp Fabric Categories
                            ----------------------
Upholstery Fabrics             Characteristics                 Principal Markets
- ------------------             ---------------                 -----------------
Wovens:
Jacquards          Elaborate, complex designs such as florals   Residential
                   and tapestries in traditional, transitional  furniture
                   and contemporary styles.  Woven on           Commercial
                   intricate looms using a wide variety of      furniture
                   synthetic and natural yarns.

Dobbies            Geometric designs such as plaids, stripes    Residential
                   and solids in traditional and country        furniture
                   styles.  Woven on less complicated looms     Commercial
                   using a variety of weaving constructions     furniture
                   and primarily synthetic yarns.
Prints:
Wet prints         Contemporary patterns with deep, rich        Residential
                   colors on a nylon flock base fabric for a    furniture
                   very soft texture and excellent              Juvenile
                   wearability.  Produced by screen printing    furniture
                   directly onto the base fabric.

Heat-transfer      Sharp, intricate designs on flock or         Residential
prints             jacquard base fabrics.  Plush feel           furniture
                   (flocks), deep colors (jacquards) and        Juvenile
                   excellent wearability.  Produced by using    furniture
                   heat and pressure to transfer color from
                   printed paper onto base fabric.
                                                                Residential
Cotton prints      A broad variety of designs featuring deep,   furniture
                   rich colors printed on woven cotton base
                   fabrics with excellent wearability.
                   Produced by screen printing directly onto
                   the base fabric.
Velvets:
Woven velvets      Basic designs such as plaids and             Residential
                   semi-plains in traditional and               furniture
                   contemporary styles with a plush feel.
                   Woven with a short-cut pile using various
                   weaving methods and synthetic yarns.

Tufted velvets     Lower cost production process of velvets in  Residential
                   which synthetic yarns are punched into a     furniture
                   base polyester fabric for texture.  Similar
                   designs as woven velvets.

Mattress Ticking               Characteristics                 Principal Markets
- ----------------               ---------------                 -----------------
Wovens:
Jacquards          Florals and other intricate  designs. Woven   Bedding
                   on  complex  looms  using a wide  variety of
                   synthetic and natural yarns.
Prints:
Heat-transfer      Sharp,  detailed designs.  Produced by using  Bedding
prints             heat and  pressure  to  transfer  color from
                   printed paper onto base  fabrics,  including
                   woven   jacquards,   knits  and  poly/cotton
                   sheetings.

Pigment prints     Variety of designs produced  economically by  Bedding
                   screen  printing  pigments onto a variety of
                   base fabrics,  including  jacquards,  knits,
                   poly/cotton sheeting and non-wovens.
================================================================================

      Although  fabrics  marketed for upholstery  applications  and those used
for mattress  ticking may have similar  appearances,  mattress ticking must be
manufactured on weaving and printing  equipment in wider widths to accommodate
the  physical  size of box  springs and  mattresses.  The  Company's  products
include all major types of coverings,  except for leather,  that manufacturers
use today for  furniture  and bedding.  The Company  also markets  fabrics for
certain  specialty  markets,  but these do not currently  represent a material
portion of the Company's business.

Manufacturing

      Substantially   all  of  the  upholstery  fabric  and  mattress  ticking
currently  marketed  by  Culp  is  produced  at  the  Company's  sixteen  (16)
manufacturing  facilities.  These  plants  encompass  a total  of  2.7-million
square feet and  include  yarn  extrusion,  spinning,  dyeing and  texturizing
equipment,  narrow  and  wide-width  jacquard  looms,  dobby and woven  velvet
looms,  tufting machines,  printing  equipment for pigment,  heat-transfer and
wet  printing,  fabric  finishing  equipment  and  various  types  of  surface
finishing  equipment  (such as  washing,  softening  and  embossing).  Culp is
actively  pursuing ISO certification  for its  manufacturing  facilities.  ISO
certification  is an  international  recognition  of a  company's  ability  to
deliver high quality products and services.  Culp's  facilities at Stokesdale,
North  Carolina,  which  produces  mattress  ticking,  and at Anderson,  South
Carolina,   which  produces  woven  velvet  upholstery  fabric,  were  awarded
ISO-9002  certification  during  fiscal  1997.  Additionally,   the  Company's
facility at  Pageland,  South  Carolina,  which  produces  jacquard  and dobby
upholstery fabric,  and the finishing  facility in Burlington,  North Carolina
were awarded ISO-9002  certification  in fiscal 1998.  During fiscal 1999, the
Company's   weaving   facility  in  Graham,   North   Carolina  and  the  Culp
Velvets/Prints  plant in  Burlington,  North Carolina  successfully  completed
ISO-9002   registration.   The  Company  is  planning  to  complete   the  ISO
certification process at its other facilities over the next several years.

      The  Company's  woven  fabrics are made from various  types of synthetic
and natural yarn, such as polypropylene,  polyester,  acrylic, rayon, nylon or
cotton.  Yarn is woven  into  various  fabrics  on  jacquard,  dobby or velvet
weaving  equipment.  Once the weaving is completed,  the fabric can be printed
or finished using a variety of processes.  The Company currently  extrudes and
spins a portion of its own needs for yarn and  purchases  the  remainder  from
outside  suppliers.  As a result of the  acquisition  of the Culp Yarn  plants
during  fiscal 1998,  Culp  produces  internally a  substantial  amount of its
needs for spun and  chenille  yarns.  The Company also  supplies  other fabric
manufacturers  with spun yarns  manufactured  by Culp Yarn.  Culp  purchases a
significant amount of greige goods  (unfinished,  uncolored base fabrics) from
other suppliers to be printed at the Company's  plants,  but has increased its
internal  production  capability for jacquard greige goods. The acquisition of
Rayonese in fiscal 1995  increased the  Company's  capacity to produce its own
jacquard greige goods.  Culp has installed  additional airjet weaving machines
at Rayonese to significantly increase its capacity for jacquard greige goods.

      During the fourth  quarter of fiscal  1997,  the Company  installed  its
first flock  coating line to produce  flock greige goods to be used  primarily
as the base  cloth for wet and  heat-transfer-printed  flock  products.  Flock
fabrics are  produced  by the  application  of very short nylon  fibers onto a
poly/cotton  woven  base  fabric to create a velvet  effect.  During the flock
coating  process,  the fibers are bonded onto the base fabric with an adhesive
substance by utilizing an  electrostatic  charging  procedure which causes the
fibers to vertically align with the base fabric.

      Tufted velvet  fabrics are produced by tufting  machines which insert an
acrylic or  polypropylene  yarn through a polyester woven base fabric creating
loop pile surface  material which is then sheared to create a velvet  surface.
Tufted  velvet  fabrics  are  typically  lower-cost  fabrics  utilized  in the
Company's lower-priced product mix.

      The Company's  printing  operations  include  pigment and  heat-transfer
methods,  as well as wet  printing.  The Company also produces its own printed
heat-transfer paper, another component of vertical  integration.  Wet printing
is the most recent addition to the Company's printing capabilities.

Product Design and Styling

      Consumer  tastes and  preferences  related to upholstered  furniture and
bedding  change,  albeit  gradually,  over time.  The use of new  fabrics  and
designs remains an important  consideration  for  manufacturers to distinguish
their  products at retail and to capitalize on even small changes in preferred
colors,  patterns and  textures.  Culp's  success is largely  dependent on the
Company's  ability to market  fabrics  with  appealing  designs and  patterns.
Culp has a staff of over 75 designers  and support  personnel  involved in the
design and  development of new patterns and styles,  including  designers with
experience  in designing  products for specific  international  markets.  Culp
uses  computer  aided design (CAD) systems in the  development  of new fabrics
which assists the Company in providing a very flexible design  program.  These
systems have enabled the Company's  designers to experiment with new ideas and
involve  customers  more actively in the process.  The use of CAD systems also
has   supported   the   Company's   emphasis  on   integrating   manufacturing
considerations  into the early phase of a new design.  The  completion  of the
Howard L.  Dunn,  Jr.  design  center in January  1998 has enabled most of the
Company's  designers to be located in the same facility to support the sharing
of  design  ideas  and CAD and  other  technologies.  The  design  center  has
enhanced the Company's  merchandising  and  marketing  efforts by providing an
environment  in  which  customers  can  be  shown  new  products  as  well  as
participate in product development initiatives.

      The process of developing new designs involves  maintaining an awareness
of  broad   fashion  and  color   trends   both  in  the  United   States  and
internationally.  These  concepts  are blended  with input from the  Company's
customers  to develop new fabric  designs and  styles.  Most of these  designs
are introduced by Culp at major trade  conferences  that occur twice a year in
the  United   States   (January  and  July)  and  annually  in  several  major
international markets.


Distribution

      The majority of the  Company's  products are shipped  directly  from its
distribution centers at or near manufacturing  facilities.  This "direct ship"
program is primarily  utilized by large  manufacturers.  Generally,  small and
medium-size  residential  furniture  manufacturers  use  one of the  Company's
three  regional   distribution   facilities  which  have  been   strategically
positioned in areas which have a high  concentration of residential  furniture
manufacturers  - High Point,  North  Carolina,  Los  Angeles,  California  and
Tupelo,  Mississippi.  In  addition,  the Company  maintains  an  inventory of
upholstery  fabric at a warehouse  in Grand  Rapids,  Michigan to supply large
commercial  furniture  manufacturers  in that area on a "just in time"  basis.
The Company closely monitors demand in each  distribution  territory to decide
which  patterns and styles to hold in inventory.  These products are available
on demand by customers and are usually  shipped  within 48 hours of receipt of
an order.  Substantially  all of the Company's  shipments of mattress  ticking
are made from its manufacturing  facilities in Stokesdale,  North Carolina and
St. Jerome, Quebec, Canada.

      In  international  markets,  Culp sells primarily to  distributors  that
maintain   inventories   of   upholstery   fabrics  for  resale  to  furniture
manufacturers.   The   Company   plans  to  explore   the   establishment   of
distribution  facilities in certain areas outside the United States to support
international sales.

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

      Raw  materials  account  for  more  than  half  of the  Company's  total
production  costs.  The  Company  purchases  various  types of  synthetic  and
natural yarns (polypropylene,  polyester,  acrylic,  nylon, rayon and cotton),
synthetic staple fibers (acrylic, rayon,  polypropylene,  polyester),  various
types of greige  goods  (poly/cotton  wovens  and  flocks,  polyester  wovens,
poly/rayon and  poly/cotton  jacquard  wovens,  polyester  knits,  poly/cotton
sheeting and  non-wovens),  polypropylene  resins,  nylon flock fibers,  rayon
staple, latex adhesives,  dyes and chemicals from a variety of suppliers.  The
Company  has  made  a  significant  investment  in  becoming  more  vertically
integrated  and producing  more of its jacquard  greige  goods,  polypropylene
yarns,  package dyed yarns and printed  heat-transfer  paper internally.  As a
result,  a larger  portion of its raw  materials  are  comprised of more basic
commodities  such as rayon staple,  undyed yarns,  polypropylene  resin chips,
certain  polyester  warp yarns,  unprinted  heat-transfer  paper and unflocked
poly/cotton  base fabric.  Although the Company is dependent upon one supplier
for all of its nylon flock  fibers and upon one  supplier  of acrylic  staple,
most of the Company's  raw materials are available  from more than one primary
source. The prices of such materials  fluctuate  depending upon current supply
and  demand  conditions  and  the  general  rate  of  inflation.  Many  of the
Company's basic raw materials are petrochemical  products or are produced from
such   products,   and  therefore   the  Company's  raw  material   costs  are
particularly  sensitive to changes in  petrochemical  prices.  Generally,  the
Company has not had significant difficulty in obtaining raw materials.

Competition

      In spite of the trend  toward  consolidation  in the  upholstery  fabric
market,  the Company  competes  against a large number of  producers,  ranging
from large manufacturers  comparable in size to the Company to small producers
and  marketers  of  specialty  fabrics.  The Company  believes  its  principal
upholstery  fabric  competitors are the Burlington  House Fabrics  division of
Burlington   Industries,   Inc.,  Joan  Fabrics  Corporation   (including  its
Mastercraft division), Microfibres, Inc., and Quaker Fabric Corporation.

Conversely,  the mattress  ticking market is  concentrated in a few relatively
large  suppliers.   The  Company  believes  its  principal   mattress  ticking
competitors  are  Bekaert  Textiles  B.V.,   Blumenthal  Print  Works,   Inc.,
Burlington House Fabrics division of Burlington  Industries,  Inc. and Tietex,
Inc.  Although  the  Company  is one of the  largest  suppliers  of  furniture
upholstery  fabrics and a leading  supplier of mattress ticking to the bedding
industry,  some of the  Company's  competitors  are  larger  overall  and have
greater  financial  resources than the Company.  Competition for the Company's
products is based primarily on price, design,  quality, timing of delivery and
service.


Technology

      Culp  views the use of  technology  as a very  important  element in the
Company's  efforts to achieve higher levels of service to its customers and to
produce and deliver its products in an efficient  and  cost-effective  manner.
Some of Culp's key initiatives in this area include:

- -     The Company has created a home page on the  Internet  (www.Culpinc.com).
      Through the Internet and the Culp home page,  customers can use a system
      known as CulpLink  to view their  current  order  status,  shipping  and
      invoice  information,  and twelve months of sales history.  The CulpLink
      system was developed  internally by the  Company's  MIS  department  and
      provides superior communication with customers throughout the world.

- -     Culp has implemented  significant  upgrades to its design technology and
      has opened the  state-of-the-art  Howard L. Dunn, Jr. Design Center. The
      Company has used computer aided design (CAD)  technology for many years,
      and recent  upgrades in hardware and software in the CAD department have
      made the  process  of moving  from  design to a  finished  project  both
      faster  and  simpler.   The  Company  also  has   implemented  an  image
      archiving system that will allow  electronic  storage of all artwork and
      easy access to artwork for designers.

- -     Local Area Networks  (LANs) have been  installed at  individual  plants,
      and all of  these  are  combined  into  one  Wide  Area  Network  (WAN),
      allowing easy  information  exchange  among  various Culp  locations and
      communication  with customers and suppliers  through the Internet.  Culp
      has installed fiber optic cable networks as the  communication  backbone
      throughout  the  Company,  placing  the  Company in  position  to easily
      expand the user base and to take  advantage of this faster data transfer
      medium  for  potential  future  uses  such  as  video  conferencing  and
      transferring large files like those required for digital images.

- -     The Company has recently  completed the  installation  of new shop floor
      data  collection  systems to track inventory  movement.  This initiative
      includes  the use of fixed laser  scanners,  hand-held  radio  frequency
      devices,  and  industrialized  keyboards  and  display  stations  at key
      points  throughout the  manufacturing  process to record the movement of
      goods through  production and shipping.  The Company makes extensive use
      of  bar-coding  to  track  products  throughout  its  manufacturing  and
      distribution  systems,  and  the  Company  has  recently  installed  new
      thermal transfer  printers for high quality printing of bar-coded labels
      and work orders.

Environmental and Other Regulations

      The   Company  is  subject  to  various   federal  and  state  laws  and
regulations,  including the Occupational Safety and Health Act and federal and
state  environmental  laws,  as well as similar  laws  governing  its Rayonese
facility in Canada.  The Company  periodically  reviews  its  compliance  with
such laws and  regulations  in an attempt  to  minimize  the risk of  material
violations.

     The Company's  operations involve a variety of materials and processes that
are  subject to  environmental  regulation.  Under  current  law,  environmental
liability can arise from  previously  owned  properties,  leased  properties and
properties  owned by third parties,  as well as from properties  currently owned
and leased by the  Company.  Environmental  liabilities  can also be asserted by
adjacent landowners or other third parties in toxic tort litigation.

      In   addition,   under   the   Comprehensive   Environmental   Response,
Compensation,  and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), and analogous
state  statutes,  liability  can be imposed for the disposal of waste at sites
targeted for cleanup by federal and state  regulatory  authorities.  Liability
under CERCLA is strict as well as joint and  several.  The Company has accrued
reserves for environmental  matters based on information  presently available.
Based on this information and the Company's established reserves,  the Company
does not  believe  that  environmental  matters  will have a material  adverse
effect on either the Company's  financial  condition or results of operations.
However,   there  can  be  no  assurance  that  the  costs   associated   with
environmental matters will not increase in the future.

Employees

      As of April 30, 2000,  the Company had  approximately  3,800  employees.
All of the  hourly  employees  at the  Company's  facility  in West  Hazleton,
Pennsylvania  and all of the hourly  employees  at the  Rayonese  facility  in
Canada  (approximately  14% of the Company's  workforce) are  represented by a
union.  The  collective  bargaining  agreement  with  respect  to  the  hourly
employees  at the  Pennsylvania  plant  expires in  December  2002,  while the
collective  bargaining agreement with respect to the Rayonese hourly employees
expires  in  February  2002.  The  Company  is not  aware  of any  efforts  to
organize  any  more of its  employees  and  believes  its  relations  with its
employees are good.

Customers and Sales

      Culp's  size,  broad  product  line,  diverse   manufacturing  base  and
effective  distribution  system  enable it to market  products  to over  2,000
customers.   Major   customers  are  leading   manufacturers   of  upholstered
furniture,   including  Bassett,  Furniture  Brands  International  (Broyhill,
Thomasville  and  Lane),  Lifestyles   International   (Berkline,   Universal,
Benchcraft,  Drexel,  Henredon and others),  Flexsteel and La-Z-Boy  (Bauhaus,
England/Corsair,  LADD  Furniture  and others).  Representative  customers for
the Company's  fabrics for commercial  furniture  include  Herman Miller,  HON
Industries and Steelcase.  In the mattress ticking area,  Culp's customer base
includes  leading  bedding  manufacturers  such as Sealy,  Serta,  Simmons and
Spring  Air.  Culp's   customers  also  include  many  small  and  medium-size
furniture and bedding  manufacturers.  In  international  markets,  Culp sells
upholstery  fabrics  primarily to distributors  that maintain  inventories for
resale to furniture manufacturers.

      The  following  table sets forth the  Company's  net sales by geographic
area by amount and  percentage  of total net sales for the three  most  recent
fiscal years.

                            Net Sales by Geographic Area
                               (dollars in thousands)
                         Fiscal 2000         Fiscal 1999           Fiscal 1998
                      ----------------     ----------------     ----------------

United States       $376,975    77.2%    $369,730    76.5%    $339,492     71.2%
North America
(excluding U.S.)      36,032     7.4       31,102     6.5       31,160      6.5
Europe                16,351     3.4       19,578     4.1       30,775      6.5
Middle East           32,929     6.7       33,996     7.0       34,412      7.2
Asia and Pacific Rim  19,102     3.9       21,371     4.4       32,344      6.8
South America          2,343     0.5        3,484     0.7        5,158      1.1
All other areas        4,347     0.9        3,823     0.8        3,374      0.7
                      ------    ----       ------     ----      ------      ----
Subtotal             111,104    22.8      113,354    23.5      137,223     28.8

Total               $488,079   100.0%    $483,084   100.0%    $476,715    100.0%
                   =========  =======   =========  =======   =========  ========


Backlog

      Because a large portion of the Company's  customers  have an opportunity
to cancel  orders,  it is  difficult to predict the amount of the backlog that
is "firm."  Many  customers  may cancel  orders  before  goods are placed into
production,  and some may cancel at a later  time.  In  addition,  the Company
markets a  significant  portion of its sales  through its  Regional  Warehouse
System from in-stock  order  positions.  On April 30, 2000, the portion of the
backlog  with  confirmed  shipping  dates  prior  to June 4,  2000  was  $39.1
million,  and on May 2,  1999,  the  portion  of the  backlog  with  confirmed
shipping dates prior to June 6, 1999 was $38.6 million.


                              ITEM 2. PROPERTIES


      The Company's  headquarters  are located in High Point,  North Carolina,
and the Company currently operates sixteen (16)  manufacturing  facilities and
three (3) regional distribution facilities.  The following is a summary of the
Company's   principal    administrative,    manufacturing   and   distribution
facilities. The manufacturing facilities are organized by segment.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Approx.
                                                                Total Area    Expiration
Location                       Principal Use                    (Sq. Ft.)    of Lease (2)
- -----------------------------  ------------------------------  -----------   ------------
<S>                            <C>                              <C>           <C>
Headquarters and Distribution
Centers:  (1)
 High Point, North Carolina    Corporate headquarters             40,000         2015
 Burlington, North Carolina    Design Center                      30,000        Owned
 Los Angeles, California       Regional distribution              33,000         2007

Upholstery Fabrics:
 Graham, North Carolina        Manufacturing                     341,000        Owned
 Burlington, North Carolina    Manufacturing and distribution    302,000        Owned
 Pageland, South Carolina      Manufacturing                      96,000        Owned
 Burlington, North Carolina    Distribution and Yarn Warehouse   112,500        Owned
 Chattanooga, Tennessee        Manufacturing and distribution    290,000         2018
 West Hazleton, Pennsylvania   Manufacturing                     110,000         2013
 West Hazleton, Pennsylvania   Manufacturing and distribution    100,000         2008
 Monroe, North Carolina        Manufacturing                      70,000         2004
 Burlington, North Carolina    Manufacturing and distribution    275,000         2021
 Lumberton, North Carolina     Manufacturing                     107,000        Owned
 Anderson, South Carolina      Manufacturing                      99,000        Owned
 High Point, North Carolina    Regional distribution              65,000         2008
 Tupelo, Mississippi           Regional distribution              57,000         2018
 Shelby, North Carolina        Manufacturing                     101,000        Owned
 Lincolnton, North Carolina    Manufacturing                      78,000        Owned
 Cherryville, North Carolina   Manufacturing                     135,000        Owned
 Wetumpka, Alabama             Manufacturing                     145,000        Owned

Mattress Ticking:
 Stokesdale, North Carolina    Manufacturing and distribution    220,000        Owned
 St. Jerome, Quebec, Canada    Manufacturing and distribution    202,000        Owned

</TABLE>
                 ___________________________________________

(1)    Properties are used jointly by Upholstery Fabrics and Mattress Ticking
(2)    Includes all options to renew

<PAGE>

                          ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

            There  are no legal  proceedings  to  which  the  Company,  or its
subsidiaries,  is a party or of which  any of their  property  is the  subject
that are required to be disclosed under this item.


                      ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A
                           VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

            There were no matters  submitted to a vote of shareholders  during
the fourth quarter ended April 30, 2000.

                                    PART II

                 ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON
                     STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

      Registrar and Transfer Agent
      EquiServe
      150 Royall Street
      Canton, MA 02021
      (781) 575-3951

      Written shareholder correspondence and transfers should be sent to:
      EquiServe
      P.O. Box 8217
      Boston, MA 02266-8217

      Stock Listing
      Culp,  Inc.  common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
the symbol CFI. As of April 30,  2000,  Culp,  Inc.  had  approximately  2,500
shareholders  based on the  number of holders  of record  and an  estimate  of
individual participants represented by security position listings.

      Analyst Coverage
      These analysts cover Culp, Inc.:

      First Union Capital Markets - John Baugh, CFA
      C.L. King & Associates - Tom Lewis
      Raymond, James & Associates - Budd Bugatch, CFA
      Wachovia Securities, Inc. - Kay Norwood, CFA
      Value Line - Noah Goldner

      See  Item  6,  Selected   Financial   Data,   for  market  and  dividend
information regarding the Company's common stock.

<PAGE>
                                        -17-
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (SELECTED ANNUAL DATA)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         percent   five-year
                                       fiscal   fiscal     fiscal                         change     growth
                                       2000     1999        1998     fiscal    fiscal    2000/1999    rate
(amounts in thousands,               (restated)(restated) (restated)  1997      1996     (restated)(restated)
except per share amounts)            --------- ---------- ---------- -------  --------   --------- ---------
INCOME STATEMENT DATA (5)
<S>                                  <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>      <C>
  net sales                          $488,079    483,084   476,715   398,879   351,667       1.0%     9.6%
  cost of sales                       403,414    406,976   393,154   326,394   289,129      (0.9)     9.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   gross profit                        84,665     76,108    83,561    72,485    62,538      11.2      9.1
  S G & A expenses                     59,935     59,968    52,987    45,058    39,068      (0.1)    12.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   income from operations              24,730     16,140    30,574    27,427    23,470      53.2      3.1
  interest expense                      9,521      9,615     7,117     4,671     5,316      (1.0)    15.1
  interest income                         (51)      (195)     (304)     (280)      (92)    (73.8)    (4.4)
  other expense (6)                     1,566      1,864     1,358     1,521       956     (16.0)     7.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   income before income taxes (6)      13,694      4,856    22,403    21,515    17,290     182.0     (2.5)
  income taxes                          4,314      1,206     6,336     7,745     6,310     257.7     (5.6)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   net income (6)                       9,380      3,650    16,067    13,770    10,980     157.0     (0.8)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  EBITDA (3) (6)                      $44,222     34,395    45,395    39,404    35,610      28.6      6.6
  depreciation                         19,462     18,549    14,808    12,688    12,348       4.9     11.6
  cash dividends                        1,611      1,788     1,786     1,513     1,236      (9.9)     7.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  weighted average shares outstanding  11,580     12,909    12,744    11,624    11,234     (10.3)     0.7
  weighted average shares outstanding,
   assuming dilution                   11,681     13,064    13,042    11,929    11,886     (10.6)     0.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PER SHARE DATA (5)
  net income (6)                       $ 0.81       0.28      1.26      1.18      0.98     189.3%    (1.4)%
  net income, assuming dilution (6)      0.80       0.28      1.23      1.15      0.94     185.7     (1.4)
  cash dividends                         0.14       0.14      0.14      0.13      0.11       0.0      7.0
  book value (6)                        11.57      10.63     10.15      8.79      7.21       8.8     12.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE SHEET DATA (5)
  working capital                     $99,977     99,324   102,730    69,777    56,953       0.7%    21.0%
  property, plant and equipment, net  126,407    123,310   128,805    91,231    76,961       2.5     10.8
  total assets (6)                    343,980    331,714   355,369   243,952   211,644       3.7     12.0
  capital expenditures                 22,559     10,689    35,879    26,958    14,385     111.0      4.6
  businesses acquired                       0          0    58,816         0         0       0.0   (100.0)
  long-term debt                      135,808    140,312   152,312    76,541    74,941      (3.2)    16.9
  funded debt (1)                     137,486    138,650   151,616    65,623    76,791      (0.8)    13.5
  shareholders' equity (6)            129,640    128,428   132,073   110,789    81,446       0.9     12.7
  capital employed (4) (6)            267,126    267,078   283,689   176,412   158,237       0.0     13.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS & OTHER DATA (5)
  gross profit margin                   17.3%       15.8%     17.5%     18.2%     17.8%
  operating income margin                5.1         3.3       6.4       6.9       6.7
  net income margin (6)                  1.9         0.8       3.4       3.5       3.1
  EBITDA margin (6)                      9.1         7.1       9.5       9.9      10.1
  effective income tax rate (6)         31.5        24.8      28.3      36.0      36.5
  funded debt-to-total capital
    ratio (1) (6)                       51.5        51.9      53.4      37.2      48.5
  return on average total capital (6)    6.0         3.6       8.6      10.1       9.5
  return on average equity (6)           7.3         2.8      13.5      15.2      14.4
  working capital turnover               4.4         4.3       4.7       5.3       5.3
  days sales in receivables               49          49        49        49        46
  inventory turnover                     5.4         5.6       5.8       6.4       6.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCK DATA
  stock price
   high                               $11.06       19.13     22.19     19.63     13.25
   low                                  5.00        5.13     16.50     11.50      7.75
   close                                5.81        8.25     18.88     16.63     13.00
  P/E ratio (2)
   high (6)                             13.7        67.6      17.6      16.6      13.5
   low (6)                               6.2        18.1      13.1       9.7       7.9
  daily average trading volume (shares) 15.8        30.4      16.0      19.7      19.3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Funded debt includes long- and short-term debt, less restricted investments.
(2) P/E ratios based on trailing 12-month net income per share.
(3) EBITDA represents earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization.
(4) Capital employed includes funded debt and shareholders' equity.
(5) Phillips, Wetumpka and Artee included in consolidated results from their August 5, 1997,
    December 30, 1997 and February 2, 1998 acquisitions by Culp, respectively.
(6) As restated (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements)

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

               ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

            The following  analysis of the financial  condition and results of
operations  should be read in  conjunction  with the Financial  Statements and
Notes  thereto.  As  discussed  in  Note  17  to  the  Consolidated  Financial
Statements,  the company has restated  its  previously  issued 2000,  1999 and
1998 Consolidated  Financial Statements.  As a result,  certain disclosures in
item 7  (Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and
Results of Operations) have been restated as well.

Overview
      Culp  is  one of the  largest  integrated  marketers  in the  world  for
upholstery  fabrics for furniture and is one of the leading  global  producers
of mattress  fabrics  (ticking).  The company's  fabrics are used primarily in
the  production  of  residential  and  commercial  upholstered  furniture  and
bedding products,  including sofas, recliners, chairs, love seats, sectionals,
sofa-beds,  office  seating and mattress sets.  Although Culp markets  fabrics
at most price levels,  the company  emphasizes  fabrics that have broad appeal
in the promotional and popular-priced categories of furniture and bedding.
      Culp's  worldwide  leadership  as a marketer of  upholstery  fabrics and
mattress  ticking  has  been  achieved  through  internal  expansion  and  the
integration of strategic acquisitions.
      The company's  operating  segments are  upholstery  fabrics and mattress
ticking,   with  related  divisions   organized  within  those  segments.   In
upholstery  fabrics,  Culp Decorative Fabrics markets jacquard and dobby woven
fabrics  for  residential  and  commercial   furniture.   Culp  Velvets/Prints
markets a broad  range of  printed  and  velvet  fabrics  used  primarily  for
residential and juvenile furniture.  Culp Yarn manufactures  specialty filling
yarn  that  is used by  Culp  and  also  marketed  to  outside  customers.  In
mattress ticking,  Culp Home Fashions markets a broad array of fabrics used by
bedding manufacturers.

Results of Operations
      The   following   table  sets  forth  certain  items  in  the  company's
consolidated statements of income as a percentage of net sales.

                                                2000     (2) 1999   (2) 1998
                                               -------    -------    -------
Net sales                                       100.0%     100.0%     100.0%
Cost of sales                                    82.7       84.2       82.5
                                               -------    -------    -------
     Gross profit                                17.3       15.8       17.5
Selling, general and administrative
  expenses                                       12.3       12.4       11.1
                                               -------    -------    -------
     Income from operations                       5.1        3.3        6.4
Interest expense                                  2.0        2.0        1.5
Interest income                                  (0.0)      (0.0)      (0.1)
Other expense                                     0.3        0.4        0.3
                                               -------    -------    -------
     Income before income taxes                   2.8        1.0        4.7
     Income taxes (1)                            31.5       24.8       28.3
     Net income                                   1.9%       0.8%       3.4%
                                               =======    =======    =======
(1)  Calculated as a percent of income before income taxes.
(2)  As restated (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements)

      The  following  table sets  forth the  company's  sales by  segment  and
division for each of the  company's  three most recent  years.  The table sets
forth the change in net sales for the segments  and  divisions as a percentage
for comparative periods included in the table.

(dollars in thousands)                Amounts                   Percent change
                                                                1999-    1998-
segment/division              2000      1999      1998          2000     1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Upholstery Fabrics:
  Culp Decorative Fabrics  $213,197   $222,058   $210,165       (4.0)%      5.7%
  Culp Velvets/Prints       151,543    144,073    171,389        5.2      (15.9)
  Culp Yarn                  17,570     21,513      7,876      (18.3)     173.1
                           --------   --------   --------      -------   -------
                            382,310    387,644    389,430       (1.4)      (0.5)
Mattress Ticking:
  Culp Home Fashions        105,769     95,440     87,285       10.8        9.3
                           --------   --------   --------      -------   -------
                           $488,079   $483,084   $476,715        1.0%       1.3%
                           --------   --------   --------      -------   -------
2000 Compared with 1999

      Net  Sales.  Net  sales for 2000  increased  by $5.0  million,  or 1.0%,
compared with 1999. The company's sales of upholstery  fabrics  decreased 1.4%
to  $382.3  million  and  mattress  ticking  sales  increased  10.8% to $105.8
million.  This was the first full year in which the company  operated with its
current  structure  of four  divisions.  This  corporate  organization,  which
evolved  from one in which  there  were six  business  units,  groups  related
operations  together;  and its  adoption  in 1999 was  accompanied  by several
changes  in  managerial   positions.   The  company  believes  that  this  new
structure  is  yielding  a number  of  benefits  including  improved  customer
service,  more effective use of design  resources and increased  manufacturing
efficiency.  Culp  believes  that these  factors  aided its total net sales to
U.S.-based accounts for 2000, which rose 2.0% for the year.

      This  growth  was offset by a decline  of 2.0% in  international  sales.
After  several  years of  above-average  growth,  Culp's  international  sales
declined 17.4% in 1999,  following an  industry-wide  trend.  The company took
steps  to  mitigate  the  impact  of this  trend by  significantly  curtailing
production schedules for certain  international-targeted  fabrics, introducing
a new line of printed cotton  upholstery  fabrics,  and shifting its marketing
focus to geographic  areas where demand appeared more  favorable.  The company
believes that the  significantly  smaller decline in  international  sales for
2000  reflects  the results of these  actions.  The company has a  diversified
global base of  customers  and is seeking to broaden  that further to minimize
exposure to economic uncertainties in any geographic area.

      The increased sales by Culp Home Fashions  (primarily  mattress ticking)
during 2000  marked a  continuation  of the  longer-term  expansion  that this
division  has  experienced.   The  introduction  of  new  designs  and  fabric
constructions,  and the advantages of the company's vertical integration,  are
driving  Culp's  growth in mattress  ticking.  In  particular,  the ability to
manufacture  the jacquard greige  (unfinished)  goods that are then printed to
produce mattress  ticking has aided Culp in meeting faster delivery  schedules
reliably and providing improved overall customer service.

      Since the close of fiscal 2000,  the company has  experienced  weakening
demand  for its  products.  The  company  believes  the trends  toward  higher
interest rates and the strength of the U.S.  dollar  against other  currencies
are  factors  contributing  to this  slowdown  and will  present a  continuing
challenge for fiscal 2001.

      Gross Profit and Cost of Sales.  Gross profit for 2000  increased  11.2%
to $84.7  million and  increased  as a  percentage  of net sales from 15.8% to
17.3%.  The company has taken a number of actions to  increase  gross  profit,
including a shift of its production  capacity  toward more  profitable  fabric
categories  and  substantial  steps to  reduce  operating  expenses  and raise
productivity.

      Selling,  General  and  Administrative  Expenses.  Selling,  general and
administrative  expenses for 2000  decreased  0.1% and  accounted for 12.3% of
sales  versus  12.4%  in  the  prior  year.  The  company  has  increased  its
resources for the design of new fabrics and for enhanced information systems.

      Interest  Expense.  Net  interest  expense  of  $9.5  million  for  2000
compared with $9.4 million in the prior year.  Although the company  generally
had lower  average  borrowings  during  2000,  the reduced  debt was offset by
lower capitalized  interest related to capital expenditures and higher average
interest rates.

      Other  Expense  (restated).  Other expense for 2000 totaled $1.6 million
compared  with $1.9  million in the prior year.  The  decrease is  principally
due to lower losses on disposal of fixed assets.

        Income Taxes.  The effective tax rate for 2000 was 31.5% compared with
24.8% in the prior year.  The lower  rates for 2000 and 1999 as compared  with
the federal  statutory rate of 35% are due principally to tax benefits related
to the company's  international  sales,  on non-taxable  gains related to life
insurance  contracts and to a higher proportion of earnings from the company's
Canadian  subsidiary  that is taxed at a lower  effective  rate.  The  company
expects the effective tax rate for 2001 to be approximately 34%.

      Net Income Per Share  (restated).  Diluted net income per share for 2000
totaled $0.80 compared with $0.28 a year ago.


<PAGE>

1999 Compared with 1998

      Net  Sales.  Net  sales for 1999  increased  by $6.4  million,  or 1.3%,
compared with 1998. The company's sales of upholstery  fabrics  decreased $1.8
million,  or 0.5% for 1999 compared with 1998.  However,  fiscal 1999 includes
an incremental  contribution  of $13.6 million from Culp Yarn (formerly  Artee
Industries),   which  was  acquired  on  February  2,  1998.   Excluding   the
incremental sales from Culp Yarn, sales of upholstery  fabrics decreased $15.4
million,   or  4.0%  for  1999  compared  with  1998.  The  principal   factor
contributing  to the lower sales was a  pronounced  slowdown in  international
sales of wet  print and  heat-transfer  printed  flock  fabrics.  This  trend,
which the company  believes also affected  other  manufacturers  of upholstery
fabrics,  became  apparent  after the close of 1998 and  persisted  throughout
1999.  A large  percentage  of the  company's  sales of this product line were
being shipped  directly or  indirectly  to customers in the emerging  consumer
markets of Russia,  other former Soviet  countries and Eastern Europe.  All of
these  areas  encountered  very  weak  economic   conditions  that,  in  turn,
adversely  affected  demand for furniture and other home  furnishings.  During
1999,  the company  significantly  curtailed  production  schedules  for these
fabrics  and  shifted  its  marketing  focus  for  this  product  category  to
geographic  areas where  demand  appears  more  favorable.  The  company  also
introduced a line of printed cotton  upholstery  fabrics utilizing some of the
same manufacturing assets used to produce wet print and heat-transfer  printed
flock fabrics.

       International  sales,   consisting  primarily  of  upholstery  fabrics,
decreased  to $113.4 million,  down 17.4% from 1998.  International  shipments
accounted for 23.5% of the company's sales for 1999, down from  28.8% in 1998.
The company  continued  to  experience  sluggish demand  in some international
markets during 1999,  but broadened its marketing  program in other geographic
areas.

      The increased sales by Culp Home Fashions  (primarily  mattress ticking)
during  1999  were a  continuation  of the  longer-term  expansion  that  this
division has  experienced,  which  management  believes is attributable to the
same factors discussed above in the comparison of 2000 to 1999.

      Gross Profit and Cost of Sales.  Gross profit for 1999 decreased 8.9% to
$76.1  million.  The  decline  was  due  principally  to a  sharp  decline  in
international  sales.  Although the company took  substantial  steps to reduce
operating  expenses,  it  continued to be affected  throughout  1999 by excess
manufacturing capacity and lower absorption of fixed costs.

      To help offset the pressure on gross margins,  the company  instituted a
number of actions  during 1999. A major change  involved  reorganization  from
six to four divisions during the first quarter.  This new corporate  alignment
brought  related   operations   together  under  common   management  and  was
accompanied by several changes in managerial  positions.  Subsequent  steps to
improve  profitability  that  are  related  to  this  realignment  included  a
significant   reduction  in  the  capacity  for  manufacturing  printed  flock
fabrics,  comprehensive  programs to reduce  inventories and an intense effort
to  reduce  operating  expenses  and  raise  productivity.  The  cost  of  raw
materials remained relatively stable in 1999.

      Selling,  General  and  Administrative  Expenses.  Selling,  general and
administrative  expenses  increased as a  percentage  of net sales for 1999 to
12.4% compared with 11.1% in 1998. The increase  principally  related to lower
than  expected  sales  for the year,  higher  marketing  costs for new  fabric
designs,  incremental costs from the Artee acquisition and increased costs for
credit  expenses,  partially  offset  by lower  accruals  for  incentive-based
compensation plans.

      Interest  Expense.  Net  interest  expense for 1999 of $9.4 million rose
38.3%   from  $6.8   million  in  1998  due  to  higher   average   borrowings
outstanding.  The increased  borrowings related principally to borrowings used
to fund  acquisitions  during  1998 and the  relatively  high level of capital
expenditures in 1998.

      Other Expense (restated).  Other expense increased 37.3% to $1.9 million
for  1999  compared  with  $1.4  million  for  1998,   due  primarily  to  the
incremental  goodwill  amortization  related to acquired  operations in fiscal
1998 and losses on disposal of fixed assets.

      Income Taxes.  The  effective tax rate for 1999 was 24.8%  compared with
28.3% in 1998.  The  lower  rates  for  1999  and  1998 as  compared  with the
federal  statutory rate of 35% are due principally to tax benefits  related to
the  company's  international  sales,  on  non-taxable  gains  related to life
insurance  contracts and to a higher proportion of earnings from the company's
Canadian subsidiary that is taxed at a lower effective rate.

           Net Income Per Share  (restated).  Diluted net income per share for
1999 totaled $0.28 compared with $1.23 a year ago.


Liquidity and Capital Resources
      Liquidity.  Cash and cash  investments were $1.0 million as of April 30,
2000 compared with $509,000 at the end of 1999.  Funded debt (long-term  debt,
including current maturities,  less restricted investments) amounted to $137.5
million at the close of 2000 versus  $138.7  million at the end of 1999.  As a
percentage of total  capital  (funded debt plus total  shareholders'  equity),
the company's  borrowings amounted to 51.5% as of April 30, 2000 compared with
51.9% at the end of 1999. The company's  working  capital as of April 30, 2000
was $100.0 million compared with $99.3 million at the close of 1999.

      The  company's  cash flow from  operations  was $21.8  million for 2000,
consisting  of $32.6  million  from  earnings  (net income plus  depreciation,
amortization  and deferred  income taxes) offset by $10.8 million from changes
in working capital.

      In separate  authorizations in June 1998, March 1999, September 1999 and
December 1999,  the board of directors of the company  authorized the use of a
total of $20.0 million to  repurchase  the  company's  common stock.  Over the
past two fiscal years,  the company has invested $12.2 million to repurchase a
total of 1.8 million shares.  This includes the repurchase  during fiscal 2000
of  884,264  shares  at an  average  price  of $7.50  per  share  under  these
authorizations.

      Financing  Arrangements.  Culp has $75 million of senior unsecured notes
with a fixed  coupon  rate of 6.76%  and an  average  remaining  term of eight
years.

      Culp has an $88 million syndicated, unsecured,  multi-currency revolving
credit  facility.  The  facility,   which  expires  in  April  2002,  requires
quarterly  payments of interest on all outstanding  borrowings and a quarterly
facility fee paid in advance.  In April 2000,  the company  amended the credit
facility to amend certain  covenants.  Additionally,  the amendment  increased
the  interest  rate from LIBOR  plus  0.55% to LIBOR plus 0.80% to 0.90%.  The
specified  pricing  matrix  will be in effect for fiscal  2001 and is based on
the  company's  debt to EBITDA and interest  and leases  coverage  ratios,  as
defined by the  facility.  As of April 30, 2000,  the company had  outstanding
balances of $25 million under the credit facility.

      The company also has a total of $32.5  million in currently  outstanding
industrial  revenue  bonds  ("IRBs")  which have been used to finance  capital
expenditures.  The IRBs bear interest at variable rates of  approximately  71%
of the  prime  rate  (prime  at  April  30,  2000  was  9.0%).  The  IRBs  are
collateralized  by letters of credit for the  outstanding  balance of the IRBs
and certain interest payments due thereunder.

      The company's  loan  agreements  require,  among other things,  that the
company maintain  compliance with certain  financial  ratios.  As of April 30,
2000, the company was in compliance with these financial covenants.

      As of April 30, 2000, the company had two interest rate swap  agreements
to reduce its exposure to floating  interest  rates on a $10 million  notional
amount.  The effect of these  contracts is to "fix" the interest  rate payable
on $10  million  of the  company's  variable  rate  borrowings  at a  weighted
average rate of 6.8%.  The company also enters into foreign  exchange  forward
and option  contracts to hedge against currency  fluctuations  with respect to
firm commitments to purchase certain machinery, equipment and raw materials.

      Capital  Expenditures.  The  company  maintains  an  ongoing  program of
capital  expenditures  designed  to  increase  capacity  as  needed,   enhance
manufacturing  efficiencies  through  modernization and increase the company's
vertical  integration.  Capital  expenditures  totaled  $22.6 million for 2000
compared  with  $10.7  million  for  1999.  The  company  anticipates  capital
spending of approximately $16 million in 2001.

      The  company   believes  that  cash  flows  from  operations  and  funds
available under existing credit  facilities will be sufficient to fund capital
expenditures and working capital requirements for the foreseeable future.

Inflation

      The  cost of the  company's  raw  materials  remained  generally  stable
during 2000 and 1999.  Factors  that  reasonably  can be expected to influence
margins in the future include changes in raw material prices,  trends in other
operating costs and overall competitive conditions.

Seasonality

      The  company's  business  is slightly  seasonal,  with  increased  sales
during the second and fourth fiscal quarters.  This  seasonality  results from
one-week  closings  of  the  company's  manufacturing   facilities,   and  the
facilities  of most of its  customers in the United  States,  during the first
and third quarters for the holiday weeks including July 4th and Christmas.

New Accounting Pronouncements

      In June 1998, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Board issued SFAS No.
133,  "Accounting  for  Derivative  Instruments  and Hedging  Activities."  As
amended,  this new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after June
15, 2000,  which will be effective  for the company's  fiscal year 2002.  This
statement  establishes  accounting  and  reporting  standards  for  derivative
instruments,  including  certain  derivative  instruments  embedded  in  other
contracts,  and for hedging  activities.  The company has not  determined  the
financial  impact  of  adopting  this SFAS and has not  determined  if it will
adopt its provisions prior to its effective date.


Forward-Looking Information

      The company's  annual report on Form 10-K contains  statements  that may
be deemed  "forward-looking  statements"  within the  meaning  of the  federal
securities laws,  including the Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of
1995.  Such  statements  are  inherently  subject to risks and  uncertainties.
Forward-looking   statements   are   statements   that  include   projections,
expectations  or beliefs  about future  events or results or otherwise are not
statements of historical  fact.  Such  statements are often  characterized  by
qualifying  words  such  as  "expect,"  "believe,"   "estimate,"  "plan,"  and
"project"  and their  derivatives.  Factors that could  influence  the matters
discussed in such statements  include the level of housing starts and sales of
existing homes,  consumer confidence,  trends in disposable income and general
economic  conditions.  Decreases  in these  economic  indicators  could have a
negative effect on the company's business and prospects.  Likewise,  increases
in  interest  rates,  particularly  home  mortgage  rates,  and  increases  in
consumer  debt or the  general  rate of  inflation,  could  affect the company
adversely.  Because  of the  significant  percentage  of the  company's  sales
derived  from  international  shipments,  strengthening  of  the  U.S.  dollar
against other  currencies  could make the company's  products less competitive
on the basis of price in  markets  outside  the United  States.  Additionally,
economic and political  instability  in  international  areas could affect the
demand for the company's products.

              ITEM 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
                               ABOUT MARKET RISK

            The  Company is exposed to market  risk from  changes in  interest
rates  on  debt  and  foreign   currency   exchange   rates.   See  additional
disclosures   about  interest  rate  swap   agreements  in  the   Management's
Discussion  and Analysis of Financial  Condition  and Results of Operations in
item 7 above. The Company's market risk sensitive  instruments are not entered
into for trading  purposes.  The Company has not  experienced  any significant
changes in market risk since April 30, 2000.

            The Company's  exposure to interest rate risk consists of floating
rate debt  based on the  London  Interbank  Offered  Rate  plus an  adjustable
margin under the Company's  revolving  credit agreement and variable rate debt
in connection  with the industrial  revenue  bonds.  To lower or limit overall
borrowing  costs,  the Company  enters into interest  rate swap  agreements to
modify the interest  characteristics  of portions of its outstanding debt. The
agreements  entitle the Company to receive or pay to the counterparty (a major
bank),  on a quarterly  basis,  the  amounts,  if any, by which the  Company's
interest  payments  covered  by  swap  agreements  differ  from  those  of the
counterparty.   These  amounts  are  recorded  as   adjustments   to  interest
expense.  The fair  value of the swap  agreements  and  changes  in fair value
resulting  from changes in market  interest  rates are not  recognized  in the
consolidated  financial  statements.   The  annual  impact  on  the  Company's
results of operations  of a 100 basis point  interest rate change on the April
30, 2000 outstanding  balance of the variable rate debt would be approximately
$560,000 irrespective of any swaps associated with this debt.

            The  Company's   exposure  to  fluctuations  in  foreign  currency
exchange  rates is due primarily to a foreign  subsidiary  domiciled in Canada
and  purchases of certain  machinery,  equipment  and raw materials in foreign
currencies.  The Company's  Canadian  subsidiary uses the United States dollar
as its  functional  currency.  The Company  generally  does not use  financial
derivative   instruments  to  hedge  foreign  currency   exchange  rate  risks
associated  with the  Canadian  subsidiary.  However,  the  Company  generally
enters into foreign  exchange  forward and option contracts as a hedge against
its exposure to currency  fluctuations on firm commitments to purchase certain
machinery,  equipment  and  raw  materials.  The  Canadian  subsidiary  is not
material to the Company's consolidated results of operations;  therefore,  the
impact of a 10% change in the  exchange  rate at April 30, 2000 would not have
a  significant  impact on the  Company's  results of  operations  or financial
position.  In  addition,   the  Company  had  approximately  $4.8  million  of
outstanding  foreign  exchange  forward  contracts as of April 30, 2000.  As a
result,  any change in exchange  rates would not have a significant  impact on
the  Company's  results of  operations  or  financial  position as the foreign
exchange forward contracts have "fixed" the exchange rate.


                  ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                            AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Management's Statement of Responsibility

The management of Culp,  Inc. is responsible  for the accuracy and consistency
of all  the  information  contained  in  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K,
including the financial  statements.  These  statements  have been prepared to
conform with accounting  principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.  The  preparation  of financial  statements and related data involves
estimates and the use of judgment.

Culp,  Inc.  maintains  internal   accounting  controls  designed  to  provide
reasonable assurance that the financial records are accurate,  that the assets
of the company are  safeguarded,  and that the  financial  statements  present
fairly the financial position and results of operations of the Company.

KPMG LLP, the Company's independent auditors,  conducts an audit in accordance
with  auditing  standards  generally  accepted in the United States of America
and provides an opinion on the financial  statements  prepared by  management.
Their report for 2000 is presented below.

The Audit  Committee of the Board of Directors  reviews the scope of the audit
and the findings of the  independent  auditors.  The internal  auditor and the
independent  auditors  meet  with the Audit  Committee  to  discuss  audit and
financial   reporting  issues.   The  Committee  also  reviews  the  company's
principal accounting policies,  significant internal accounting controls,  the
Annual Report and annual SEC filings (Form 10-K and Proxy Statement).



  Robert G. Culp, III                     Phillip W. Wilson
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    Vice President and
  May 31, 2000 except for note 17, as to  Chief Financial Officer
  which the date is February 19, 2001     May 31, 2000 except for note 17, as to
                                          which the date is February 19, 2001
<PAGE>
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Culp, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Culp, Inc.
and subsidiary as of April 30, 2000 and May 2, 1999 (as restated), and the
related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 30, 2000 (as
restated for the years ended May 2, 1999 and May 3, 1998). These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Culp,
Inc. and subsidiary as of April 30, 2000 and May 2, 1999, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended April 30, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the company
has restated its previously issued 2000, 1999 and 1998 consolidated financial
statements.



KPMG LLP
Charlotte, North Carolina
May 31, 2000 except for note 17, as
to which the date is February 19, 2001
<PAGE>
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS



April 30, 2000 and May 2, 1999 (dollars in thousands,          2000      1999
except share data)                                          (restated)(restated)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSETS
   current assets:
      cash and cash investments                             $  1,007       509
      accounts receivable                                     75,223    70,503
      inventories                                             74,471    67,070
      other current assets                                    10,349     9,633
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         total current assets                                161,050   147,715

   restricted investments                                          0     3,340
   property, plant and equipment, net                        126,407   123,310
   goodwill                                                   49,873    51,269
   other assets                                                6,650     6,080
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         total assets                                       $343,980   331,714
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
   current liabilities:
      current maturities of long-term debt                  $  1,678     1,678
      accounts payable                                        37,287    25,687
      accrued expenses                                        22,108    21,026
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         total current liabilities                            61,073    48,391

   long-term debt                                            135,808   140,312
   deferred income taxes                                      17,459    14,583
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         total liabilities                                   214,340   203,286
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   commitments and contingencies (notes 10 and 11)
   shareholders' equity:
      preferred stock, $.05 par value, authorized 10,000,000
         shares                                                    0         0
      common stock, $.05 par value, authorized 40,000,000
         shares, issued and outstanding 11,208,720 at
         April 30, 2000 and 12,079,171 at May 2, 1999            560       604
      capital contributed in excess of par value              35,266    37,966
      retained earnings                                       93,814    89,858
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         total shareholders' equity                          129,640   128,428
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         total liabilities and shareholders' equity         $343,980   331,714
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
statements.
<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

For the years ended April 30, 2000, May 2, 1999,
and May 3, 1998 (dollars in thousands,                      1999        1998
except per share data)                            2000   (restated)  (restated)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
net sales                                 $     488,079    483,084     476,715
cost of sales                                   403,414    406,976     393,154
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   gross profit                                  84,665     76,108      83,561
selling, general and administrative expenses     59,935     59,968      52,987
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   income from operations                        24,730     16,140      30,574
interest expense                                  9,521      9,615       7,117
interest income                                     (51)      (195)       (304)
other expense                                     1,566      1,864       1,358
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   income before income taxes                    13,694      4,856      22,403
income taxes                                      4,314      1,206       6,336
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   net income                             $       9,380      3,650      16,067
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
net income per share                      $        0.81       0.28        1.26
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
net income per share, assuming dilution   $        0.80       0.28        1.23
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
statements.
<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 capital
For the years ended April 30, 2000,          common    common   contributed                   total
May 2, 1999 and May 3, 1998                   stock     stock   in excess of   retained   shareholders'
(dollars in thousands, except share data)    shares    amount   par value      earnings      equity
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>        <C>
balance, April 27, 1997                   12,608,759  $  630       33,899         76,260     110,789
   cash dividends ($0.14 per share)                                               (1,786)     (1,786)
   net income (restated)                                                          16,067      16,067
   common stock issued in connection
      with stock option plans                114,051       6          997                      1,003
   common stock issued in connection
      with acquisition of Artee
      Industries, Incorporated's assets      284,211      14        5,386                      5,400
   stock options issued in connection
      with acquisition of Phillips' assets                            600                        600
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
balance, May 3, 1998 (restated)           13,007,021     650       40,882         90,541     132,073
   cash dividends ($0.14 per share)                                               (1,788)     (1,788)
   net income (restated)                                                           3,650       3,650
   common stock issued in connection
      with stock option plans                 10,750       1           34                         35
   common stock purchased                   (938,600)    (47)      (2,950)        (2,545)     (5,542)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
balance, May 2, 1999 (restated)           12,079,171     604       37,966         89,858     128,428
   cash dividends ($0.14 per share)                                               (1,611)     (1,611)
   net income                                                                      9,380       9,380
   common stock issued in connection
      with stock option plans                 13,813       1           78                         79
   common stock purchased                   (884,264)    (45)      (2,778)        (3,813)     (6,636)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
balance, April 30, 2000 (restated)        11,208,720  $  560       35,266         93,814     129,640
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


For the years ended April 30, 2000, May 2, 1999,
 and May 3, 1998
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     1999         1998
(dollars in thousands)                                                      2000  (restated)  (restated)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>                 <C>        <C>
cash flows from operating activities:
   net income                                                      $       9,380       3,650      16,067
   adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
     operating activities:
       depreciation                                                       19,462      18,549      14,808
       amortization of intangible assets                                   1,596       1,570       1,371
       provision for deferred income taxes                                 2,176       1,064       1,416
       changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of
         businesses acquired:
         accounts receivable                                              (4,720)      3,133     (13,207)
         inventories                                                      (7,401)     12,124     (17,684)
         other current assets                                                (16)        522        (660)
         other assets                                                       (770)       (654)       (934)
         accounts payable                                                  1,029      (8,893)      6,477
         accrued expenses                                                  1,082       2,736       1,506
         income taxes payable                                                  -      (1,282)       (298)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            net cash provided by operating activities                     21,818      32,519       8,862
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

cash flows from investing activities:
   capital expenditures                                                  (22,559)    (10,689)    (35,879)
   purchase of restricted investments                                        (40)       (119)     (8,770)
   purchase of investments to fund deferred compensation liability             -        (735)       (581)
   sale of restricted investments                                          3,380         800      15,767
   payments for businesses acquired                                            -           -     (42,966)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            net cash used in investing activities                        (19,219)    (10,743)    (72,429)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

cash flows from financing activities:
   proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                9,543       2,637      86,246
   principal payments on long-term debt                                  (14,047)    (16,284)    (17,100)
   cash dividends paid                                                    (1,611)     (1,788)     (1,786)
   proceeds from common stock issued                                          79          35         562
   payments to acquire common stock                                       (6,636)     (5,542)          -
   change in accounts payable - capital expenditures                      10,571      (2,637)     (2,873)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            net cash provided by (used in) financing activities           (2,101)    (23,579)     65,049
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

increase (decrease) in cash and cash investments                             498      (1,803)      1,482
cash and cash investments, beginning of year                                 509       2,312         830
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
cash and cash investments, end of year                                   $ 1,007         509       2,312
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
statements.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  GENERAL AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    Principles of Consolidation - The consolidated financial statements
    include the accounts of the company and its subsidiary, which is
    wholly-owned.  All significant intercompany balances and transactions
    are eliminated in consolidation.

    Description of Business - The company primarily manufactures and markets
    furniture upholstery fabrics and mattress ticking for the furniture,
    bedding, and related industries, with the majority of its business
    conducted in the United States.

    Fiscal Year - The company's fiscal year is the 52 or 53 week period
    ending on the Sunday closest to April 30.  Fiscal years 2000 and 1999
    included 52 weeks and fiscal year 1998 included 53 weeks.

    Statements of Cash Flows - For purposes of reporting cash flows, the
    company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a
    maturity of three months or less to be cash investments.

    Accounts Receivable - Substantially all of the company's accounts
    receivable are due from manufacturers and distributors in the markets
    noted above.  The company grants credit to customers, a substantial
    number of which are located in the United States.  Management performs
    credit evaluations of the company's customers and generally does not
    require collateral.

    Inventories - Principally all inventories are valued at the lower of
    last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost or market.

    Restricted Investments - Restricted investments were purchased with
    proceeds from industrial revenue bond issues and are invested pending
    application of such proceeds to project costs or repayment of the
    bonds.  The investments are stated at cost which approximates market
    value.

    Property, Plant and Equipment - Property, plant and equipment is
    recorded at cost.  Depreciation is generally computed using the
    straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
    assets.  Major renewals and betterments are capitalized.  Maintenance,
    repairs and minor renewals are expensed as incurred.  When properties
    are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated
    depreciation are removed from the accounts.  Amounts received on
    disposal less the book value of assets sold are charged or credited to
    income.

    Interest costs of $146,000, $365,000 and $678,000 incurred during the
    years ended April 30, 2000, May 2, 1999 and May 3, 1998, respectively,
    for the purchase and construction of qualifying fixed assets were
    capitalized and are being amortized over the related assets' estimated
    useful lives.

    Foreign Currency Translation - The United States dollar is the
    functional currency for the company's Canadian subsidiary.  Translation
    gains or losses for this subsidiary are reflected in net income.

    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets - Goodwill, which represents the
    unamortized excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the net
    assets acquired, is being amortized using the straight-line method over
    40 years.  The company assesses the recoverability of goodwill by
    determining whether the amortization of the balance over its remaining
    life can be recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows
    of the acquired businesses.  The assessment of the recoverability of
    goodwill will be impacted if estimated cash flows are not achieved.

    Other intangible assets are included in other assets and consist
    principally of debt issue costs.  Amortization is computed using the
    straight-line method over the respective terms of the debt agreements.

    Income Taxes - Deferred taxes are recognized for the temporary
    differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax
    bases of the company's assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax
    credit carryforwards at income tax rates expected to be in effect when
    such amounts are realized or settled.  The effect on deferred taxes of a
    change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes
    the enactment date.

    No provision is made for income taxes which may be payable if
    undistributed income of the company's Canadian subsidiary were to be
    paid as dividends to the company, since the company intends that such
    earnings will continue to be invested.  At April 30, 2000, the amount of
    such undistributed income was $18.5 million.  Foreign tax credits may be
    available as a reduction of United States income taxes in the event of
    such distributions.

    Revenue Recognition - Revenue is recognized when products are shipped to
    customers.  Provision is made currently for estimated product returns,
    claims and allowances.

    Stock Option Plans - On April 29, 1996, the company adopted SFAS No.
    123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, which requires disclosure
    of the fair value and other characteristics of stock options (see note
    12).  The company has chosen under the provisions of SFAS No. 123 to
    continue using the intrinsic-value method of accounting for employee
    stock-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board
    ("APB") Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.

    Fair Value of Financial Instruments - The carrying amount of cash and
    cash investments, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts
    payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value because of the
    short maturity of these financial instruments.

    The fair value of the company's long-term debt is estimated by
    discounting the future cash flows at rates currently offered to the
    company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities.  The fair
    value of the company's long-term debt approximates the carrying value of
    the debt at April 30, 2000.

    Interest Rate Swap Agreements - Interest rate swap agreements generally
    involve the exchange of fixed and floating rate interest payment
    obligations without the exchange of the underlying principal amounts.
    These agreements are used to effectively fix the interest rates on
    certain variable rate borrowings. Net amounts paid or received are
    reflected as adjustments to interest expense.

    Forward Contracts - Gains and losses related to qualifying hedges of
    firm commitments are deferred and included in the measurement of the
    related foreign currency transaction when the hedged transaction occurs.

    Per Share Data - During fiscal 1998, the company adopted Statement of
    Financial Accounting Standards No. 128 that requires the reporting of
    both net income per share and net income per share, assuming dilution.
    The following table reconciles the numerators and denominators of net
    income per share and net income per share, assuming dilution:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           2000                   1999 (restated)               1998 (restated)
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (Amounts in thousands,        Income     Shares    Per Share  Income       Shares     Per Share  Income      Shares    Per Share
      except per share data)   (Numerator)(Denominator) Amount   (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount  (Numerator)(Denominator) Amount
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>       <C>
    Net income per share         $  9,380    11,580    $ 0.81      $3,650       12,909     $  0.28   $ 16,067     12,744    $1.26
                                                       ======                              =======                          =====
    Effect of dilutive securities:
      Options                           0       101                     0          155                      0        298
                                    -----    ------                 -----       ------                 ------     ------
    Net income per share,
      assuming dilution          $  9,380    11,681    $ 0.80      $3,650       13,064     $  0.28   $ 16,067     13,042    $1.23
                                    =====    ======    ======      ======       ======     =======   ========     ======    =====
</TABLE>

    Use of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity
    with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
    make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
    assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
    liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
    amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual
    results could differ from those estimates.

    Reclassification - Certain items in the 1999 consolidated financial
    statements have been reclassified to conform with the presentation
    adopted in the current year.  The reclassifications did not impact net
    income as previously reported.

2.  ACQUISITIONS
    On August 5, 1997, the company purchased the operations and certain
    assets relating to an upholstery fabric business operating as Phillips
    Weaving Mills, Phillips Velvet Mills, Phillips Printing and Phillips
    Mills (Phillips).  The transaction was valued at approximately $39.5
    million and involved the purchase of assets for cash, the assumption of
    certain notes, liabilities and contracts, the payments under the terms
    of certain obligations to Phillips and the issuance of an option for
    100,000 shares of common stock.  Goodwill on the transaction was
    approximately $30.8 million, which is being amortized on the
    straight-line method over 40 years.

    On December 30, 1997, the company purchased the operations and certain
    assets relating to the Wetumpka spun yarn operation of Dan River Inc.
    The transaction was valued at approximately $1.4 million and involved
    the purchase of assets for cash.

    On February 2, 1998, the company purchased the operations and certain
    assets relating to a yarn manufacturing business operating as Artee
    Industries, Incorporated (Artee).  The transaction was valued at
    approximately $17.9 million and involved the purchase of assets for
    cash, the assumption of certain liabilities and the issuance of a note
    payable and common stock of the company.  Goodwill on the transaction
    was approximately $800,000, which is being amortized on the
    straight-line method over 40 years.

    The three acquisitions mentioned above were accounted for as purchases,
    and accordingly, the net assets and operations have been included in the
    company's consolidated financial statements since the dates of the
    acquisitions.




3.  ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
    A summary of accounts receivable follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                             2000        1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    customers                                     $  77,981      73,089
    allowance for doubtful accounts                  (1,477)     (1,452)
    reserve for returns and allowances               (1,281)     (1,134)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $  75,223      70,503
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

4.  INVENTORIES
    A summary of inventories follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                             2000        1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    inventories on the FIFO cost method
       raw materials                              $  43,661      38,248
       work-in-process                                5,970       6,418
       finished goods                                25,733      23,882
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
          total inventories on the FIFO cost method  75,364      68,548
    adjustments of certain inventories to the LIFO
       cost method                                     (893)     (1,478)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $  74,471      67,070
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

5.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
    A summary of property, plant and equipment follows:

                             depreciable lives
    (dollars in thousands)       (in years)           2000        1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    land and improvements            10           $   2,325       2,227
    buildings and improvements     7-40              31,065      30,098
    leasehold improvements         7-10               2,659       2,511
    machinery and equipment        3-12             195,387     182,189
    office furniture and equipment 3-10              11,583      15,548
    capital projects in progress                      7,930       2,788
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    250,949     235,361
    accumulated depreciation                       (124,542)   (112,051)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $ 126,407     123,310
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

6.  GOODWILL
    A summary of goodwill follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                            2000        1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    goodwill                                      $  55,547      55,547
    accumulated amortization                         (5,674)     (4,278)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $  49,873      51,269
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------


7.  ACCOUNTS PAYABLE
    A summary of accounts payable follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                             2000        1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    accounts payable - trade                      $  26,479      25,450
    accounts payable - capital expenditures          10,808         237
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $  37,287      25,687
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

8.  ACCRUED EXPENSES
    A summary of accrued expenses follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                             2000        1999
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    compensation and benefits                     $  14,748      13,136
    other                                             7,360       7,890
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $  22,108      21,026
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

9.  INCOME TAXES
    A summary of income taxes follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                 2000        1999        1998
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    current
      federal                           $   657      (1,508)      2,698
      state                                  45        (442)        493
      Canadian                            1,436       2,092       1,729
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          2,138         142       4,920
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    deferred
      federal                             1,514         612         563
      state                                 378         279         102
      Canadian                              284         173         751
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          2,176       1,064       1,416
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         $4,314       1,206       6,336
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

     Income before income taxes related to the company's  Canadian operation
     for  the years ended  April 30, 2000,  May 2, 1999, and May 3, 1998 was
     $4,900,000, $6,900,000 and $8,000,000, respectively.

    The following schedule summarizes the principal differences between
    income taxes at the federal income tax rate and the effective income tax
    rate reflected in the consolidated financial statements:
                                                         1999        1998
                                                2000  (restated)  (restated)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    federal income tax rate                     35.0%       35.0%       35.0%
    state income taxes, net of federal
      income tax benefit                         2.0        (2.2)        1.7
    exempt income of foreign sales corporation  (3.6)       (2.8)       (6.2)
    gains on life insurance contracts           (1.5)       (3.9)       (0.9)
    other                                       (0.4)       (1.3)       (1.3)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                31.5%       24.8%       28.3%
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
    portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the
    following:

    (dollars in thousands)                              2000        1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    deferred tax liabilities:
       property, plant and equipment, net           $ (14,987)    (13,038)
       goodwill                                        (3,175)     (2,431)
       other                                           (1,324)       (108)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
          total deferred tax liabilities              (19,486)    (15,577)
    deferred tax assets:
       accounts receivable                                843         840
       inventories                                      2,396       1,733
       compensation                                     2,358       1,995
       liabilities and reserves                         1,381       1,841
       alternative minimum tax                          1,485         849
       net operating loss carryforwards                   528           0
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
          gross deferred tax assets                     8,991       7,258
          valuation allowance                               0           0
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
          total deferred tax assets                     8,991       7,258
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    $ (10,495)     (8,319)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Deferred taxes are classified in the accompanying consolidated balance
    sheet captions as follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                              2000        1999
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
    other current assets                           $   6,964       6,264
    deferred income taxes                            (17,459)    (14,583)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   $ (10,495)     (8,319)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------

    At April 30, 2000, the company had an alternative minimum tax credit
    carryforward of approximately $1,485,000 for federal income tax
    purposes.  Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards with
    related tax benefits of $528,000 at April 30, 2000 expire in varying
    amounts through fiscal 2020.  The company believes that it is more
    likely than not that the results of future operations will generate
    sufficient taxable income to realize the existing deferred tax assets.

    Income taxes paid, net of income tax refunds, were $2,027,000 in 2000;
    $2,217,000 in 1999; and $5,218,000 in 1998.

10. LONG-TERM DEBT
    A summary of long-term debt follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                               2000        1999
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    senior unsecured notes                          $  75,000      75,000
    industrial revenue bonds and other obligations     32,452      35,278
    revolving credit facility                          25,000      25,000
    obligations to sellers                              5,034       6,712
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      137,486     141,990
    current maturities                                 (1,678)     (1,678)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    $ 135,808     140,312
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The senior unsecured notes have a fixed coupon rate of 6.76% and an
    average remaining term of 8 years.  The principal payments become due
    from March 2006 to March 2010 with interest payable semi-annually.

    The company's revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement")
    provides an unsecured multi-currency revolving credit facility, which
    expires in April 2002, with a syndicate of banks in the United States.
    The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving loan commitment of
    $88,000,000.  The agreement requires payment of a quarterly facility fee
    in advance.  In April 2000, the company amended the Credit Agreement to
    amend certain covenants.  Additionally, the amendment increased the
    interest rate from LIBOR plus 0.55% to LIBOR plus 0.80% to 0.90%.  The
    specified pricing matrix will be in effect for fiscal 2001 and is based
    on the company's debt to EBITDA and interest and leases coverage ratios,
    as defined by the agreement.  On borrowings outstanding at April 30,
    2000, the interest rate was 6.69% (LIBOR plus 0.55%).

    The company's $6,000,000 revolving line of credit expires on May 31,
    2001.  However, the line of credit will automatically be extended for an
    additional three-month period on each August 31, November 30, February
    28 and May 31 unless the bank notifies the company that the line of
    credit will not be extended.  At April 30, 2000, no borrowings were
    outstanding under the revolving line of credit.

    The industrial revenue bonds (IRB) are generally due in balloon
    maturities which occur at various dates from 2006 to 2013.  All of the
    bonds bear interest at variable rates of approximately 71% of the prime
    rate (prime at April 30, 2000 was 9.0%). The IRBs are collateralized by
    letters of credit for the outstanding balance of the IRBs and certain
    interest payments due thereunder.

    The company's loan agreements require, among other things, that the
    company maintain compliance with certain financial ratios.  At April 30,
    2000, the company was in compliance with these financial covenants.

    At April 30, 2000, the company had two interest rate swap agreements
    with a bank in order to reduce its exposure to floating interest rates
    on a portion of its variable rate borrowings.

    The following table summarizes certain data regarding the interest rate
    swaps:

    notional amount    interest rate    expiration date
    ---------------------------------------------------
      $5,000,000            6.9%          June 2002
      $5,000,000            6.6%          July 2002

    The company could terminate these agreements as of April 30, 2000 and
    receive approximately $166,000.  Net amounts paid under interest rate
    swap agreements increased interest expense by approximately $262,000 in
    2000; $308,000 in 1999; and $232,000 in 1998.  Management believes the
    risk of incurring losses resulting from the inability of the bank to
    fulfill its obligation under the interest rate swap agreements to be
    remote and that any losses incurred would be immaterial.

    The principal payment requirements of long-term debt during the next
    five years are: 2001 - $1,678,000; 2002 - $27,046,000; 2003 -
    $2,046,000; 2004 - $368,000; and 2005 - $368,000.

    Interest paid during 2000, 1999 and 1998 totaled $9,920,000, $9,579,000,
    and $7,067,000, respectively.



11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
    The company leases certain office, manufacturing and warehouse
    facilities and equipment, primarily computer, and vehicles, under
    noncancellable operating leases. Lease terms related to real estate
    range from five to ten years with renewal options for additional periods
    ranging from five to fifteen years. The leases generally require the
    company to pay real estate taxes, maintenance, insurance and other
    expenses. Rental expense for operating leases, net of sublease income,
    was $8,162,000 in 2000; $7,440,000 in 1999; and $6,065,000 in 1998.
    Future minimum rental commitments for noncancellable operating leases
    are $6,560,000 in 2001; $4,718,000 in 2002; $3,495,000 in 2003;
    $2,637,000 in 2004; $2,357,000 in 2005; and $3,800,000 in later years.

    The company is involved in several legal proceedings and claims which
    have arisen in the ordinary course of its business.  These actions, when
    ultimately concluded and settled, will not, in the opinion of
    management, have a material adverse effect upon the financial position,
    results of operations or liquidity of the company.

    The company has outstanding capital expenditure commitments of
    approximately $1,345,000 as of April 30, 2000.

12. STOCK OPTION PLANS
    The company has a fixed stock option plan under which options to
    purchase common stock may be granted to officers, directors and key
    employees.  At April 30, 2000, 782,614 shares of common stock were
    authorized for issuance under the plan.  Options are generally
    exercisable one year after the date of grant and generally expire
    beginning ten years after the date of grant.

    No compensation cost has been recognized for this stock option plan as
    options are granted under the plan at an option price not less than fair
    market value at the date of grant.

<PAGE>
    A summary of the status of the plan as of April 30, 2000, May 2, 1999
    and May 3, 1998 and changes during the years ended on those dates is
    presented below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              2000              1999              1998
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              Weighted-         Weighted-         Weighted-
                                              Average           Average           Average
                                              Exercise          Exercise          Exercise
                                  Shares        Price   Shares    Price   Shares    Price
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 <S>                                <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>
 Outstanding at beginning
    of year                         622,052  $ 10.04   429,427  $11.06    407,228  $ 8.69
 Granted                             49,375     8.80   209,375    7.62     87,250   20.34
 Exercised                           (7,313)    2.82   (10,750)   3.28    (65,051)   8.63
 Canceled/expired                    (3,000)   20.25    (6,000)  10.56        -       -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Outstanding at end of year         661,114     9.98   622,052   10.04    429,427   11.06
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Options exercisable at
    year-end                        461,114    10.88   422,052   11.18    353,427    9.08
 Weighted-average fair value
    of options granted during the
    year                              $3.54              $2.88              $7.53
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                           Options Outstanding                              Options Exercisable
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Number       Weighted-Avg.                       Number
       Range of        Outstanding   Remaining         Weighted-Avg.     Exercisable  Weighted-Avg.
Exercise Prices       at 4/30/00     Contractual Life  Exercise Price    at 4/30/00  Exercise Price
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>           <C>                  <C>             <C>             <C>
   $  2.82 - $ 7.50     110,114       3.3 years            $4.96           110,114         $4.96
   $  7.63 - $ 7.63     200,000       8.4                   7.63            40,000          7.63
   $  7.75 - $12.13     192,375       5.6                   9.52           152,375          9.63
   $ 12.75 - $20.94     158,625       5.9                  17.00           158,625         17.00
                        -------       ---                  -----           -------         -----
                        661,114       6.1                   9.98           461,114         10.88
                        -------       ---                  -----           -------         -----
</TABLE>

    During fiscal 1995, the company adopted a stock option plan which
    provided for the one-time grant to officers and certain senior managers
    of options to purchase 121,000 shares of the company's common stock at
    $.05 (par value) per share.  Coincident with the adoption of this plan,
    the company's 1993 stock option plan was amended to reduce the number of
    shares issuable under that plan by 128,000 shares.  The accelerated
    vesting provisions of this plan were achieved and all options vested 45
    days after the end of fiscal 1997 and, as a result, the compensation
    expense recorded under APB Opinion No. 25 was approximately $1,026,000
    for the three-year period ended April 27, 1997.  Since these options
    were granted in fiscal 1995, the provisions of SFAS No. 123 are not
    applicable.  As of April 30, 2000, the 58,500 options outstanding under
    the plan have exercise prices of $0.05 and a weighted-average remaining
    contractual life of 3.7 years.  Options exercised during fiscal 2000,
    1999 and 1998 were 6,500, 0 and 49,000, respectively.

    During September 1997, the company's shareholders approved the 1997
    performance-based option plan which provides for the one-time grant to
    certain officers and certain senior managers of options to purchase
    106,000 shares of the company's common stock at $1.00 per share.
    Options under the plan are exercisable on January 1, 2006 due to the
    company not achieving net income per share of $1.50 for fiscal 1999.
    During fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, the compensation expense recorded
    under APB Opinion No. 25 was $250,000 in each year.

    As of April 30, 2000, the 106,000 options outstanding under the plan
    have exercise prices of $1.00 and a weighted-average remaining
    contractual life of 6.7 years.  The weighted-average fair value of the
    106,000 options granted during 1998 was $19.10.  Had compensation cost
    for this stock-based compensation plan and the fixed stock option plan
    with 661,114 options outstanding at April 30, 2000 been determined
    consistent with SFAS No. 123, the company's net income, net income per
    share and net income per share, assuming dilution would have been
    reduced to the pro forma amounts indicated below:
<PAGE>

                                                              1999       1998
    (in thousands, except per share data)       2000       (restated) (restated
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income              As reported            $9,380      3,650     16,067
                            Pro forma               9,145      3,375     15,931
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income per share    As reported            $ 0.81       0.28       1.26
                            Pro forma                0.79       0.26       1.25
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income per share,   As reported            $ 0.80       0.28       1.23
      assuming dilution     Pro forma                0.78       0.26       1.22
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant
    using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following
    weighted-average assumptions used for grants in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
    respectively:  dividend yield of 1.5%, 1.5% and 1%; risk-free interest
    rates of 5.7%, 5.4% and 5.5%; expected volatility of 49%, 47% and 42%;
    and expected lives of 4 years, 4 years and 5.3 years.

13. BENEFIT PLANS
    The company has a defined contribution plan which covers substantially
    all employees and provides for participant contributions on a pre-tax
    basis and discretionary matching contributions by the company, which are
    determined annually.  Company contributions to the plan were $2,423,000
    in 2000; $1,612,000 in 1999; and $1,103,000 in 1998.

    In addition to the defined contribution plan, the company has a
    nonqualified deferred compensation plan covering officers and certain
    other associates.  The company's nonqualified plan liability of
    $4,788,000 and $4,044,000 at April 30, 2000 and May 2, 1999,
    respectively, is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
    consolidated balance sheets.  As restated (see note 17 to the
    consolidated financial statements), the company also had assets related
    to the nonqualified plan of $4,864,000 and $4,193,000 at April 30, 2000
    and May 2, 1999, respectively, which are included in other assets in the
    accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

14. SEGMENT INFORMATION
    The company's operations are classified into two business segments:
    upholstery fabrics and mattress ticking.  The upholstery fabrics segment
    principally manufactures and sells woven jacquards and dobbies, wet and
    heat-transfer prints, and woven and tufted velvets primarily to
    residential and commercial (contract) furniture manufacturers.  The
    mattress ticking segment principally manufactures and sells woven
    jacquards, heat-transfer prints and pigment prints to bedding
    manufacturers.

    International sales, of which 94% were denominated in U.S. dollars in
    2000, 1999, and 1998, accounted for 23% of net sales in 2000 and 1999
    and 29% in 1998, and are summarized by geographic area as follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                     2000        1999        1998
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    North America (excluding USA)            $  36,032      31,102      31,160
    Europe                                      16,351      19,578      30,775
    Middle East                                 32,929      33,996      34,412
    Asia and Pacific Rim                        19,102      21,371      32,344
    South America                                2,343       3,484       5,158
    All other areas                              4,347       3,823       3,374
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             $ 111,104     113,354     137,223
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    In 2000, 1999 and 1998, no customer represented over 10% of consolidated
    net sales.  In addition, company assets located outside the United
    States are not material for any of the three years presented.

    The company internally manages and reports selling, general and
    administrative expenses, interest expense, interest income, other
    expense and income taxes on a total company basis.  Thus, profit by
    business segment represents gross profit.  In addition, the company
    internally manages and reports cash and cash investments, accounts
    receivable, other current assets, restricted investments, property,
    plant and equipment, goodwill and other assets on a total company
    basis.  Thus, identifiable assets by business segment represent
    inventories.
<PAGE>

    Sales, gross profit and inventories for the company's operating segments
    are as follows:

    (dollars in thousands)                     2000        1999        1998
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net sales
        Upholstery Fabrics                   $ 382,310     387,644     389,430
        Mattress Ticking                       105,769      95,440      87,285
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             $ 488,079     483,084     476,715
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Gross profit
        Upholstery Fabrics                   $  58,547      52,286      61,922
        Mattress Ticking                        26,118      23,822      21,639
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             $  84,665      76,108      83,561
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Inventories

        Upholstery Fabrics                   $  60,305      55,565      66,336
        Mattress Ticking                        14,166      11,505      12,258
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             $  74,471      67,070      78,594
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    A director of the company is also an officer and director of a major
    customer of the company. The amount of sales to this customer was
    approximately $39,479,000 in 2000; $34,313,000 in 1999; and $30,545,000
    in 1998.  The amount due from this customer at April 30, 2000 was
    approximately $3,797,000 and at May 2, 1999 was approximately $4,517,000.

    A director of the company is also an officer and director of the lessor
    of the company's office facilities in High Point.  Rent expense for the
    company's office facilities was approximately $522,000 in 2000; $555,000
    in 1999; and $482,000 in 1998.

    Rents paid to entities owned by certain shareholders and officers of the
    company and their immediate families were $695,000 in 2000; $752,000 in
    1999; and $724,000 in 1998.

16. FOREIGN EXCHANGE FORWARD CONTRACTS
    The company generally enters into foreign exchange forward and option
    contracts as a hedge against its exposure to currency fluctuations on
    firm commitments to purchase certain machinery and equipment and raw
    materials.  The company had $4,761,000 and $0 of outstanding foreign
    exchange forward contracts as of April 30, 2000 and May 2, 1999,
    respectively (denominated in Euros, German deutsche marks and Swiss
    francs at April 30, 2000).  Due to the short maturity of these financial
    instruments, the fair values of these contracts approximate the contract
    amounts at April 30, 2000 and May 2, 1999, respectively.

17. RESTATEMENT
    During January 2001, the company terminated the nonqualified deferred
    compensation plan covering officers and certain other associates.  As a
    result, the company surrendered the life insurance contracts related to
    the nonqualified plan in order to pay the participants.  The proceeds
    from those life insurance contracts resulted in an amount greater than
    had previously been recorded by the company attributable to gains that
    occurred in 1999 and 1998.  In order to properly reflect these gains,
    the company is restating its financial statements and certain
    disclosures previously reported in its financial statements for the
    years ended April 30, 2000, May 2, 1999 and May 3, 1998.  The effect of
    the correction for these gains was a reduction of other expense and, as
    a result, an increase in income before income taxes and net income by
    $548,000 in 1999 and $554,000 in 1998.  The effect of the correction
    increased other assets and retained earnings in the consolidated balance
    sheets as of April 30, 2000, May 2, 1999 and May 3, 1998 by $1,102,000,
    $1,102,000 and $554,000, respectively.

<PAGE>
 SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       fiscal       fiscal      fiscal       fiscal      fiscal       fiscal       fiscal   fiscal
                                         2000         2000        2000         2000        1999         1999         1999     1999
(amounts in thousands,              4th quarter 3rd quarter 2nd quarter  1st quarter 4th quarter 3rd quarter 2nd quarter 1st quarter
except per share amounts)             (restated)  (restated)  (restated)   (restated)  (restated)  (restated)  (restated) (restated)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME STATEMENT DATA
<S>                                      <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>
   net sales                             $129,419   113,181    129,542      115,937      132,165      112,093    128,159   110,667
   cost of sales                          107,342    94,712    105,835       95,525      109,324       92,911    107,685    97,056
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      gross profit                         22,077    18,469     23,707       20,412       22,841       19,182     20,474    13,611
   SG & A expenses                         14,913    13,949     16,035       15,038       15,921       14,100     15,474    14,473
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      income (loss) from operations         7,164     4,520      7,672        5,374        6,920        5,082      5,000      (862)
   interest expense                         2,255     2,366      2,484        2,416        2,482        2,308      2,464     2,361
   interest income                            (10)       (8)       (16)         (17)        (113)         (10)       (19)      (53)
   other expense (income) (6)                 366       229        416          555          397          (96)       755       808
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      income (loss) before income taxes (6) 4,553     1,933      4,788        2,420        4,154        2,880      1,800    (3,978)
   income taxes                             1,362       501      1,628          823        1,109          753        644    (1,300)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      net income (loss) (6)                 3,191     1,432      3,160        1,597        3,045        2,127      1,156    (2,678)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   EBITDA (3) (6)                        $ 12,178     9,655     12,412        9,977       11,683       10,110      9,498     3,104
   depreciation                             4,981     4,965      4,757        4,759        4,764        4,587      4,822     4,376
   cash dividends                             393       396        399          423          423          455        455       455
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   weighted average shares outstanding     11,213    11,296     11,749       12,063       12,645       12,995     12,995    13,000
   weighted average shares outstanding,
      assuming dilution                    11,298    11,389     11,868       12,219       12,742       13,124     13,120    13,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PER SHARE DATA
   net income (loss) (6)                 $   0.28      0.13       0.27         0.13         0.24         0.16       0.09     (0.21)
   net income (loss), assuming dilution (6)  0.28      0.13       0.27         0.13         0.24         0.16       0.09     (0.21)
   cash dividends                           0.035     0.035      0.035        0.035        0.035        0.035      0.035     0.035
   book value (6)                           11.57     11.31      11.17        10.73        10.63        10.09       9.96      9.91
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE SHEET DATA
   working capital                       $  99,977    97,440     92,800      100,394       99,324       95,712    102,336  103,406
   property, plant and equipment, net      126,407   123,303    124,318      120,971      123,310      125,885    126,050  127,287
   total assets (6)                        343,980   337,308    339,778      328,924      331,714      327,401    342,387  343,214
   capital expenditures                      8,085     3,950      8,104        2,420        2,189        2,057      3,585    2,858
   long-term debt                          135,808   137,052    133,875      136,228      140,312      140,210    150,210  154,383
   funded debt (1)                         137,486   137,683    134,468      136,222      138,650      138,472    148,479  153,559
   shareholders' equity (6)                129,640   126,867    126,482      129,229      128,428      131,161    129,489  128,788
   capital employed (4) (6)                267,126   264,550    260,950      265,451      267,078      269,633    277,968  282,347
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS & OTHER DATA
   gross profit margin                       17.1%     16.3%      18.3%        17.6%        17.3%        17.1%      16.0%     12.3%
   operating income (loss) margin             5.5       4.0        5.9          4.6          5.2          4.5        3.9      (0.8)
   net income (loss) margin (6)               2.5       1.3        2.4          1.4          2.3          1.9        0.9      (2.4)
   EBITDA margin (6)                          9.4       8.5        9.6          8.6          8.8          9.0        7.4       2.8
   effective income tax rate (6)             29.9      25.9       34.0         34.0         26.7         26.1       35.8      32.7
   funded debt-to-total capital ratio (1)(6) 51.5      52.0       51.5         51.3         51.9         51.4       53.4      54.4
   working capital turnover                   4.4       4.5        4.4          4.4          4.3          4.4        4.4       4.5
   days sales in receivables                   53        49         49           45           49           47         52        48
   inventory turnover                         5.5       4.8        5.5          5.4          6.4          5.2        5.7       4.9
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCK DATA
   stock price
      high                                $  9.88      7.50      10.31        11.06         8.50         8.94      10.44     19.13
      low                                    5.00      5.88       6.69         7.25         5.13         6.50       5.94      9.19
      close                                  5.81      6.00       6.94        10.13         8.25         6.56       7.25      9.19
   P/E ratio (2)
      high (6)                               12.2       9.7       12.8         17.7         30.1         23.1       19.3      23.9
      low (6)                                 6.2       7.6        8.3         11.6         18.1         16.8       11.0      11.5
   daily average trading volume (shares)     12.0      10.0       18.8         21.9         34.9         20.3       27.5      38.5
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1)   Funded debt includes long- and short-term debt, less restricted investments.
(2)   P/E ratios based on trailing 12-month net income per share.
(3)   EBITDA represents earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization.
(4)   Capital employed includes funded debt and shareholders' equity.
(5)   Phillips, Wetumpka and Artee included in consolidated results from their August 5, 1997, December 30, 1997
      and February 2, 1998 acquisitions by Culp, respectively.
(6)   As restated (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements)

</TABLE>
<PAGE>


            ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
                       ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

            During  the two  years  ended  April 30,  2000 and any  subsequent
interim periods,  there were no changes of accountants and/or disagreements on
any matters of  accounting  principles  or practices  or  financial  statement
disclosures.

                                    PART III

         ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

            Information  with respect to executive  officers and  directors of
the Company is included in the  Company's  definitive  Proxy  Statement  filed
within  120 days  after  the end of the  Company's  fiscal  year  pursuant  to
Regulation 14A of the Securities  and Exchange  Commission,  under the caption
"Nominees,  Directors and Executive  Officers,"  which  information  is herein
incorporated by reference.


                       ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

            Information with respect to executive  compensation is included in
the Company's  definitive  Proxy Statement filed within 120 days after the end
of the Company's  fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities and
Exchange  Commission,   under  the  caption  "Executive  Compensation,"  which
information is herein incorporated by reference.


             ITEM  12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
                             OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

            Information  with  respect to the  security  ownership  of certain
beneficial  owners and  management  is  included in the  Company's  definitive
Proxy  Statement  filed within 120 days after the end of the Company's  fiscal
year pursuant to Regulation  14A of the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission,
under  the  caption   "Voting   Securities,"   which   information  is  herein
incorporated by reference.

           ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

            Information  with  respect to certain  relationships  and  related
transactions  is included in the Company's  definitive  Proxy  Statement filed
within  120 days  after  the end of the  Company's  fiscal  year  pursuant  to
Regulation  14A  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange   Commission,   under  the
subcaption   "Certain   Relationships   and   Related   Transactions,"   which
information is herein incorporated by reference.

<PAGE>

                                    PART IV

               ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
                            AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

a)    DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT:

      1.    Consolidated Financial Statements

            The following  consolidated financial statements of Culp, Inc. and
subsidiary are filed as part of this report.

                                                             Page of Annual
                                                                Report on
Item                                                           Form 10-K
- ----                                                           ---------
Consolidated Balance Sheets - April 30, 2000 and.................    27
   May 2, 1999

Consolidated Statements of Income -
  for the years ended April 30, 2000,
  May 2, 1999, and May 3, 1998 ..................................    28

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity -
  for the years ended April 30, 2000,
  May 2, 1999 and May 3, 1998 ...................................    29

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -
  for the years ended April 30, 2000,
  May 2, 1999, and May 3, 1998 ..................................    30

Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements.......................    31

Report of Independent Auditors ..................................    26


     2.    Financial Statement Schedules

      All financial  statement  schedules  are omitted  because they are
not  applicable,  or not  required,  or because the  required  information  is
included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.




<PAGE>

     3.    Exhibits

           The following  exhibits are attached at the end of this report, or
incorporated by reference herein.  Management  contracts,  compensatory plans,
and arrangements are marked with an asterisk (*).


     3(i)       Articles  of   Incorporation    of   the   Company,   as
                amended,  were  filed as Exhibit  3(i) to the  Company's
                Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 29, 1995,  filed
                March  15,  1995,   and  are   incorporated   herein  by
                reference.

     3(ii)      Restated  and  Amended   Bylaws  of  the   Company,  as
                amended,  were  filed as Exhibit  3(b) to the  Company's
                Form 10-K for the year ended April 28, 1991,  filed July
                25, 1991, and are incorporated herein by reference.

     3(iii)     Articles of Amendment  of Culp,  Inc.  dated  October 5,
                1999 for the purpose of amending  its  Restated  Charter
                to fix the  designation,  preferences,  limitations  and
                relative  rights  of a series  of its  Preferred  Stock.
                The Articles of Amendment  of Culp,  Inc.  were filed as
                Exhibit  3(iii)  to the  Company's  Form  10-Q  for  the
                quarter  ended  October 31,  1999,  filed  December  15,
                1999, and are incorporated herein by reference.

     10(a)      Loan Agreement dated December 1, 1988 with  Chesterfield
                County,   South   Carolina   relating   to  Series  1988
                Industrial  Revenue  Bonds in the  principal  amount  of
                $3,377,000  was filed as Exhibit  10(n) to the Company's
                Form  10-K for the year  ended  April 29,  1989,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(b)      Loan Agreement  dated November 1, 1988 with the Alamance
                County  Industrial   Facilities  and  Pollution  Control
                Financing   Authority   relating   to  Series  A  and  B
                Industrial  Revenue  Refunding  Bonds  in the  principal
                amount of $7,900,000,  was filed as exhibit 10(o) to the
                Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended April 29,  1990,
                and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(c)      Loan  Agreement  dated January 5, 1990 with the Guilford
                County  Industrial   Facilities  and  Pollution  Control
                Financing Authority, North Carolina,  relating to Series
                1989  Industrial  Revenue Bonds in the principal  amount
                of  $4,500,000,  was  filed  as  Exhibit  10(d)  to  the
                Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended April 29,  1990,
                filed on July 25, 1990,  and is  incorporated  herein by
                reference.

     10(d)      Loan  Agreement  dated as of  December  1, 1993  between
                Anderson   County,   South   Carolina  and  the  Company
                relating to $6,580,000  Anderson County,  South Carolina
                Industrial  Revenue Bonds (Culp,  Inc.  Project)  Series
                1993,  was filed as Exhibit 10(o) to the Company's  Form
                10-Q for the  quarter  ended  January  30,  1994,  filed
                March 16, 1994, and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(e)      Form of Severance Protection Agreement,  dated September
                21, 1989,  was filed as Exhibit  10(f) to the  Company's
                Form 10-K for the year ended  April 29,  1990,  filed on
                July 25, 1990, and is incorporated  herein by reference.
                (*)

     10(f)      Lease  Agreement,  dated January 19, 1990, with Phillips
                Interests,  Inc.  was  filed  as  Exhibit  10(g)  to the
                Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended April 29,  1990,
                filed on July 25, 1990,  and is  incorporated  herein by
                reference.

     10(g)      Management  Incentive Plan of the Company,  dated August
                1986 and amended  July 1989,  filed as Exhibit  10(o) to
                the Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1992,
                filed on August 4, 1992, and is  incorporated  herein by
                reference.  (*)

     10(h)      Lease   Agreement,   dated   September  6,  1988,   with
                Partnership  74  was  filed  as  Exhibit  10(h)  to  the
                Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended April 28,  1991,
                filed on July 25, 1990,  and is  incorporated  herein by
                reference.

     10(i)      Amendment and  Restatement of the Employee's  Retirement
                Builder  Plan of the  Company  dated  May 1,  1981  with
                amendments  dated  January  1, 1990 and  January 8, 1990
                were filed as Exhibit 10(p) to the  Company's  Form 10-K
                for the year  ended  May 3,  1992,  filed on  August  4,
                1992, and is incorporated herein by reference. (*)

     10(j)      First  Amendment of Lease  Agreement dated July 27, 1992
                with  Partnership  74  Associates  was filed as  Exhibit
                10(n) to the Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended May
                2, 1993,  filed on July 29,  1993,  and is  incorporated
                herein by reference.

     10(k)      Second  Amendment  of Lease  Agreement  dated  April 16,
                1993,  with  Partnership  52  Associates  was  filed  as
                Exhibit  10(l) to the  Company's  Form 10-K for the year
                ended  May 2,  1993,  filed  on July  29,  1993,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(l)      1993 Stock  Option  Plan was filed as  Exhibit  10(o) to
                the Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended May 2, 1993,
                filed on July 29, 1993,  and is  incorporated  herein by
                reference.  (*)

     10(m)      First  Amendment to Loan Agreement  dated as of December
                1, 1993 by and between The  Guilford  County  Industrial
                Facilities  and Pollution  Control  Financing  Authority
                and the  Company  was  filed  as  Exhibit  10(p)  to the
                Company's  Form 10-Q,  filed on March 15,  1994,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(n)      First  Amendment to Loan Agreement  dated as of December
                16, 1993 by and between The Alamance  County  Industrial
                Facilities  and Pollution  Control  Financing  Authority
                and the  Company  was  filed  as  Exhibit  10(q)  to the
                Company's  Form 10-Q,  filed on March 15,  1994,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(o)      First  Amendment to Loan Agreement  dated as of December
                16,  1993  by and  between  Chesterfield  County,  South
                Carolina  and the Company was filed as Exhibit  10(r) to
                the Company's  Form 10-Q,  filed on March 15, 1994,  and
                is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(p)      Amendment to Lease dated as of November 4, 1994,  by and
                between the Company and RDC,  Inc.  was filed as Exhibit
                10(w) to the Company's  Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended
                January  29,  1995,  filed on  March  15,  1995,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(q)      Amendment  to Lease  Agreement  dated as of December 14,
                1994,   by  and  between   the  Company  and   Rossville
                Investments,  Inc.  (formerly  known  as  A & E Leasing,
                Inc.), was filed as Exhibit 10(y) to the Company's  Form
                10-Q,  for the  quarter  ended  January 29, 1995,  filed
                on  March  15,  1995,  and  is  incorporated  herein  by
                reference.

     10(r)      Interest Rate Swap Agreement  between  Company and First
                Union  National Bank of North  Carolina  dated April 17,
                1995,  was filed as Exhibit 10(aa) to the Company's Form
                10-K for the year ended  April 30,  1995,  filed on July
                26, 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(s)      Performance-Based  Stock  Option  Plan,  dated  June 21,
                1994,  was filed as Exhibit 10(bb) to the Company's Form
                10-K for the year ended  April 30,  1995,  filed on July
                26, 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference. (*)

     10(t)      Interest Rate Swap Agreement  between  Company and First
                Union  National  Bank of North  Carolina,  dated May 31,
                1995 was filed as exhibit  10(w) to the  Company's  Form
                10-Q  for the  quarter  ended  July 30,  1995,  filed on
                September  12,  1995,  and  is  incorporated  herein  by
                reference.

     10(u)      Interest Rate Swap Agreement  between  Company and First
                Union  National  Bank of North  Carolina,  dated July 7,
                1995 was filed as exhibit  10(x) to the  Company's  Form
                10-Q  for the  quarter  ended  July 30,  1995,  filed on
                September  12,  1995,  and  is  incorporated  herein  by
                reference.

     10(v)      Second  Amendment of Lease Agreement dated June 15, 1994
                with  Partnership  74  Associates  was filed as  Exhibit
                10(v) to the  Company's  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                October 29, 1995,  filed on December  12,  1995,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(w)      Lease  Agreement  dated  November 1, 1993 by and between
                the Company  and  Chromatex,  Inc.  was filed as Exhibit
                10(w) to the  Company's  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                October 29, 1995,  filed on December  12,  1995,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(x)      Lease  Agreement  dated  November 1, 1993 by and between
                the Company and Chromatex Properties,  Inc. was filed as
                Exhibit  10(x)  to  the  Company's  Form  10-Q  for  the
                quarter  ended  October 29, 1995,  filed on December 12,
                1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(y)      Amendment  to Lease  Agreement  dated May 1, 1994 by and
                between the Company and Chromatex  Properties,  Inc. was
                filed as Exhibit  10(y) to the  Company's  Form 10-Q for
                the quarter  ended  October 29, 1995,  filed on December
                12, 1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(z)      Canada-Quebec    Subsidiary   Agreement   on  Industrial
                Development (1991),  dated January 4, 1995, was filed as
                Exhibit  10(z)  to  the  Company's  Form  10-Q  for  the
                quarter  ended  October 29, 1995,  filed on December 12,
                1995, and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(aa)     Loan  Agreement  between   Chesterfield   County,  South
                Carolina  and the  Company  dated as of  April  1,  1996
                relating  to  Tax  Exempt   Adjustable  Mode  Industrial
                Development  Bonds (Culp,  Inc.  Project) Series 1996 in
                the aggregate  principal  amount of $6,000,000 was filed
                as  Exhibit  10(aa) to the  Company's  Form 10-K for the
                year ended April 28, 1996,  and is  incorporated  herein
                by reference.

     10(bb)     Loan Agreement  between the Alamance  County  Industrial
                Facilities and Pollution  Control  Financing  Authority,
                North Carolina and the Company,  dated December 1, 1996,
                relating  to  Tax  Exempt   Adjustable  Mode  Industrial
                Development  Revenue Bonds,  (Culp,  Inc. Project Series
                1996) in the aggregate  amount of  $6,000,000  was filed
                as  Exhibit  10(cc) to the  Company's  Form 10-Q for the
                quarter  ended  January 26,  1997,  and is  incorporated
                herein by reference.

     10(cc)     Loan Agreement between Luzerne County,  Pennsylvania and
                the Company,  dated as of December 1, 1996,  relating to
                Tax-Exempt   Adjustable  Mode   Industrial   Development
                Revenue Bonds (Culp,  Inc.  Project)  Series 1996 in the
                aggregate  principal  amount of $3,500,000  was filed as
                Exhibit  10(dd)  to the  Company's  Form  10-Q  for  the
                quarter  ended  January 26,  1997,  and is  incorporated
                herein by reference.

     10(dd)     Second  Amendment to Lease Agreement  between  Chromatex
                Properties,  Inc. and the Company,  dated April 17, 1997
                was filed as Exhibit  10(dd) to the Company's  Form 10-K
                for the year ended April 27, 1997,  and is  incorporated
                herein by reference.

     10(ee)     Lease   Agreement   between  Joseph  E.  Proctor  (doing
                business  as JEPCO)  and the  Company,  dated  April 21,
                1997 was filed as Exhibit  10(ee) to the Company's  Form
                10-K  for  the  year  ended  April  27,  1997,   and  is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(ff)     $125,000,000  Revolving  Loan  Facility  dated April 23,
                1997 by and  among  the  Company  and  Wachovia  Bank of
                Georgia,  N.A., as agent,  and First Union National Bank
                of North Carolina,  as documentation  agent was filed as
                Exhibit  10(ff) to the Company's  Form 10-K for the year
                ended  April 27,  1997,  and is  incorporated  herein by
                reference.

     10(gg)    Revolving Line of Credit for  $4,000,000  dated April 23,
               1997 by and  between the  Company  and  Wachovia  Bank of
               North  Carolina,  N.A. was filed as Exhibit 10(gg) to the
               Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended  April 27,  1997,
               and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(hh)    Reimbursement  and Security  Agreement between Culp, Inc.
               and Wachovia Bank of North  Carolina,  N.A.,  dated as of
               April 1, 1997,  relating to $3,337,000  Principal Amount,
               Chesterfield  County,  South Carolina  Industrial Revenue
               Bonds  (Culp,  Inc.  Project)  Series  1988 was  filed as
               Exhibit  10(hh) to the  Company's  Form 10-K for the year
               ended  April  27,  1997,  and is  incorporated  herein by
               reference.

               Additionally,   there  are   Reimbursement  and  Security
               Agreements  between Culp, Inc. and Wachovia Bank of North
               Carolina,  N.A.,  dated  as  of  April  1,  1997  in  the
               following amounts and with the following facilities:

               $7,900,000  Principal Amount,  Alamance County Industrial
               Facilities  and  Pollution  Control  Financing  Authority
               Industrial  Revenue  Refunding Bonds (Culp, Inc. Project)
               Series A and B.

               $4,500,000  Principal Amount,  Guilford County Industrial
               Facilities  and  Pollution  Control  Financing  Authority
               Industrial   Development   Revenue   Bonds  (Culp,   Inc.
               Project) Series 1989.

               $6,580,000   Principal  Amount,   Anderson  County  South
               Carolina  Industrial  Revenue Bonds (Culp,  Inc. Project)
               Series 1993.

               $6,000,000  Principal Amount,  Chesterfield County, South
               Carolina    Tax-Exempt    Adjustable    Mode   Industrial
               Development  Revenue Bonds (Culp,  Inc.  Project)  Series
               1996.

               $6,000,000   Principal   Amount,   The  Alamance   County
               Industrial  Facilities  and Pollution  Control  Financing
               Authority    Tax-exempt    Adjustable   Mode   Industrial
               Development  Revenue Bonds (Culp,  Inc.  Project)  Series
               1996.

               $3,500,000  Principal  Amount,  Luzerne County Industrial
               Development    Authority   Tax-Exempt   Adjustable   Mode
               Industrial   Development   Revenue   Bonds  (Culp,   Inc.
               Project) Series 1996.

     10(ii)    Loan Agreement and Reimbursement  and Security  Agreement
               dated July 1, 1997 with the  Robeson  County   Industrial
               Facilities  and  Pollution  Control  Financing  Authority
               relating to the issuance of  Tax-Exempt  Adjustable  Mode
               Industrial   Development   Revenue   Bonds  (Culp,   Inc.
               Project),  Series 1997 in the aggregate  principal amount
               of  $8,500,000   was  filed  as  Exhibit  10(ii)  to  the
               Company's  Form  10-Q for the  quarter  ended  August  3,
               1997, and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(jj)    Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of August 4, 1997 by
               and between Culp,  Inc.,  Phillips  Weaving Mills,  Inc.,
               Phillips  Printing  Mills,  Inc.,  Phillips Velvet Mills,
               Inc.,  Phillips Mills,  Inc.,  Phillips Property Company,
               LLC, Phillips Industries, Inc. and S. Davis Phillips  was
               filed as Exhibit (10jj) to the  Company's Form  10-Q  for
               the quarter ended November 2, 1997,  and is  incorporated
               herein by reference.

     10(kk)    Asset  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of October  14, 1997
               among Culp, Inc., Artee Industries,  Incorporated, Robert
               T.  Davis,  Robert L. Davis,  Trustee u/a dated  8/25/94,
               Robert L. Davis,  Louis W. Davis,  Kelly D.  England,  J.
               Marshall  Bradley,  Frankie  S.  Bradley  and  Mickey  R.
               Bradley  was filed as  Exhibit  10(kk)  to the  Company's
               Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  November 2, 1997, and is
               incorporated herein by reference.

<PAGE>

     10(ll)     Form  of  Note  Purchase  Agreement  (providing  for the
                issuance by Culp,  Inc. of its $20 million  6.76% Series
                A Senior  Notes due 3/15/08  and its $55  million  6.76%
                Series B Senior Notes due 3/15/10),  each dated March 4,
                1998, between Culp, Inc. and each of the following:
                1.  Connecticut General Life Insurance Company;
                2.  The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York;
                3.  United of Omaha Life Insurance Company;
                4.  Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company;
                5.  The Prudential Insurance Company of  America;
                6.  Allstate Life Insurance Company;
                7.  Life Insurance Company of North America;  and
                8.  CIGNA Property and Casualty Insurance Company
                This  agreement  was  filed  as  Exhibit  10(ll)  to the
                Company's  Form 10-K for the year ended May 3, 1998, and
                is incorporated herein by reference.

     10(mm)     First Amendment to Credit  Agreement dated July 22, 1998
                among Culp, Inc.,  Wachovia Bank, N.A., as agent,  First
                Union  National  Bank,  as   documentation   agent,  and
                Wachovia   Bank,   N.A.,   First  Union  National  Bank,
                SunTrust  Bank,  Atlanta,   and  Cooperatieve   Centrale
                Raiffeisen-Boerenleeenbank   B.A.,  Rabobank  Nederland,
                New York Branch,  as lenders.  This  amendment was filed
                as  Exhibit  10(mm) to the  Company's  Form 10-Q for the
                quarter  ended  August  2,  1998,  and  is  incorporated
                herein by reference.

     10(nn)     Second  Amendment to Credit  Agreement dated October 26,
                1998, among Culp,  Inc.,  Wachovia Bank, N.A., as agent,
                First Union National Bank, as  documentation  agent, and
                Wachovia  Bank,  N.A.,  First Union  National  Bank, and
                SunTrust Bank, Atlanta,  as lenders.  This amendment was
                filed as Exhibit  10(nn) to the Company's  Form 10-Q for
                the quarter ended November 1, 1998, and is  incorporated
                herein by reference.

     10(oo)     Rights Agreement,  dated as of October 8, 1999,  between
                Culp, Inc. and EquiServe Trust Company,  N.A., as Rights
                Agent,  including the form of Articles of Amendment with
                respect to the Series A  Participating  Preferred  Stock
                included  as  Exhibit  A to the  Rights  Agreement,  the
                forms of Rights  Certificate  included  as  Exhibit B to
                the Rights Agreement,  and the form of Summary of Rights
                included  as  Exhibit  C to the  Rights  Agreement.  The
                Rights  Agreement  was  filed  as  Exhibit  99.1  to the
                Company's  Form  8-K  dated  October  12,  1999,  and is
                incorporated herein by reference.

     10(pp)     Third  Amendment  to Credit  Agreement  dated  April 28,
                2000, among Culp,  Inc.,  Wachovia Bank, N.A., as agent,
                First Union National Bank, as  documentation  agent, and
                Wachovia  Bank,  N.A.,  First Union  National  Bank, and
                Suntrust  Bank, as lenders.  This amendment was filed as
                Exhibit  10(pp) to the Company's  Form 10-K for the year
                ended  April 30,  2000,  and is  incorporated  herein by
                reference.

     22         List of subsidiaries of the Company.



     24(a)     Consent of  Independent  Public  Auditors in connection  with
               the  registration  statements  of  Culp,  Inc.  on  Form  S-8
               (File Nos. 33-13310, 33-37027,   33-80206,    33-62843,   and
               333-27519),  dated March 20, 1987,  September 18, 1990,  June
               13, 1994, September 22, 1995, and May 21, 1997.

     25(a)     Power of Attorney of Robert T. Davis, dated June 22, 2000

     25(b)     Power of Attorney of Howard L. Dunn, Jr., dated June 21, 2000

     25(c)     Power of Attorney of Patrick B. Flavin, dated June 27, 2000

     25(d)     Power of Attorney of Patrick H. Norton, dated June 29, 2000

     25(e)     Power of Attorney of Earl N. Phillips, Jr., dated June 22, 2000

     25(f)     Power of Attorney of Franklin N. Saxon, dated July 7, 2000

     25(g)     Power of Attorney of Judith C. Walker, dated June 23,  2000

     27        Financial Data Schedule

b)    Reports on Form 8-K:

      The  Company  filed  the  following  report  on Form  8-K  during  the
quarter ended April 30, 2000:

      (1)Form 8-K dated  February 14, 2000,  included under Item 5,
         Other Events, included The Company's press release for  quarterly
         earnings and the Financial Information Release relating to certain
         financial information for the quarter ended  January 30, 2000.

c)    Exhibits:

      The  exhibits  to this  Form  10-K are  filed at the end of this  Form
      10-K immediately preceded by  an  index. A list of the exhibits begins on
      page 54 under the subheading "Exhibits Index".

d)    Financial Statement Schedules:

      See Item 14(a) (2)


<PAGE>
                               SIGNATURES

                 Pursuant  to  the   requirements   of  Section  13  of  the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  CULP,  INC. has caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned,  thereunto duly authorized,  on the
25th day of April 2001.

                        CULP, INC.
                        By /s/    Robert G. Culp, III
                                  Robert G. Culp, III
                                 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

                        By: /s/   Phillip W. Wilson
                                  Phillip W. Wilson
                                 (Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial  and
                                  Accounting Officer)

            Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934,  this report has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf
of the registrant  and in the capacities  indicated on the 25th day of April
2001.

/s/   Robert G. Culp, III           /s/   Franklin N. Saxon *
      Robert G. Culp, III                 Franklin N. Saxon
      (Chairman of the                    (Director)
       Board of Directors)

/s/   Earl N. Phillips, Jr.*        /s/   Judith C. Walker *
      Earl N. Phillips, Jr.               Judith C. Walker
         (Director)                         (Director)

/s/   Howard L. Dunn, Jr.*          /s/   Robert T. Davis *
      Howard L. Dunn, Jr.                 Robert T. Davis
         (Director)                         (Director)

/s/   Patrick B. Flavin*
      Patrick B. Flavin
         (Director)

/s/   Patrick H. Norton*
      Patrick H. Norton
         (Director)

*     By  Phillip  W.  Wilson,  Attorney-in-Fact,   pursuant  to  Powers  of
Attorney filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.





                             EXHIBITS INDEX


Exhibit Number  Exhibit

     24(a)     Consent of  Independent  Public  Auditors in connection  with
               the  registration  statements of Culp, Inc. on Form S-8 (File
               Nos. 33-13310, 33-37027,   33-80206,       33-62843,      and
               333-27519),  dated March 20, 1987,  September 18, 1990,  June
               13, 1994, September 22, 1995, and May 21, 1997.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>a10kacon.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>

                                 Exhibit 24(a)

                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS




To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Culp, Inc.:


We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration  statement  numbers
333-27519,  33-13310, 33-37027, 33-80206, and 33-62843 on Form S-8 of Culp, Inc.
of our  report  dated  May 31,  2000,  except  for  note 17 to the  consolidated
financial statements, as to which the date is February 19, 2001, relating to the
consolidated  balance  sheets of Culp,  Inc. and subsidiary as of April 30, 2000
and May 2, 1999,  (as  restated),  and the related  consolidated  statements  of
income,  shareholders'  equity  and  cash  flows  for  each of the  years in the
three-year  period  ended April 30, 2000 (as restated for the years ended May 2,
1999 and May 3, 1998),  which report appears in the April 30, 2000 annual report
on Form 10-K/A of Culp, Inc.

As discussed in note 17 to the consolidated  financial  statements,  the company
has restated its previously  issued 2000, 1999 and 1998  consolidated  financial
statements.

                                        KPMG LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina
April 25, 2001

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>afdsfy00.xfd
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>    5
<RESTATED>
<MULTIPLIER>    1,000
<CURRENCY>    U.S.DOLLARS

<S>                                                      <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                         12-MOS
<PERIOD-START>                                   May-03-1999
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                                Apr-30-2000
<PERIOD-END>                                     Apr-30-2000
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                            1
<CASH>                                                 1,007
<SECURITIES>                                               0
<RECEIVABLES>                                         75,223
<ALLOWANCES>                                               0
<INVENTORY>                                           74,471
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                     161,050
<PP&E>                                               250,949
<DEPRECIATION>                                     (124,542)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                       343,980
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                 61,073
<BONDS>                                                    0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                      0
<PREFERRED>                                                0
<COMMON>                                                 560
<OTHER-SE>                                           129,080
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                         343,980
<SALES>                                              488,079
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                     488,079
<CGS>                                                403,414
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                        403,414
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                      59,935
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                           0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                     9,521
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                       13,694
<INCOME-TAX>                                           4,314
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                    9,380
<DISCONTINUED>                                             0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                            0
<CHANGES>                                                  0
<NET-INCOME>                                           9,380
<EPS-BASIC>                                             0.81
<EPS-DILUTED>                                            0.8
<FN>
</FN>


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
